1	Reds Knock Padres Out of Wild-Card Lead (AP) AP - Wily Mo Pena homered twice and drove in four runs, helping the Cincinnati Reds beat the San Diego Padres 11-5 on Saturday night. San Diego was knocked out of a share of the NL wild-card lead with the loss and Chicago's victory over Los Angeles earlier in the day.
"0	Accused Hamas Leader Denies U.S. Charges DAMASCUS, Syria - A senior official of the Palestinian militant group Hamas indicted in the United States for conspiring to fund terror attacks against Israel denied the accusations and said the charges were driven by election-year politics in the United States.   """"This is election campaigning,"""" Mousa Abu Marzook, deputy chief of the Hamas political bureau, told The Associated Press in Damascus on Friday..."
1	TCU, Louisville Try to Leave C-USA Champs (AP) AP - TCU helped change the Bowl Championship Series, even though its season ended at home. The Horned Frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the BCS standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the BCS conferences. A loss at Southern Miss ended TCU's bid of becoming the first BCS outsider to break into a big-money bowl game. That also cost the Frogs the Conference USA title and sent them to the inaugural Fort Worth Bowl.
0	Rumsfeld says US forces  quot;unlikely quot; to storm holy places in Najaf WASHINGTON : The United States pulled its punch in Iraq as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announced US forces arrayed in Najaf against Shiite militants of firebrand cleric Moqtada Sadr were  quot;unlikely quot; to storm the town #39;s holy places to deal the militia ...
0	Militants Still in Control of Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf but remained in control of the holy site Friday amid efforts to end their 2-week-old uprising.    Fighters from al-Sadr's Mahdi Army militia were inside the shrine but left their guns outside...
0	Iraq's Najaf Tense After Cleric Snubs Peace Envoys NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Fears of heavier fighting in Najaf  grew on Wednesday after an Iraqi peace delegation failed to  defuse a confrontation between U.S. troops and militiamen holed  up in a revered shrine in the city.
0	Al-Qaida Said to Recruit in Latin America MONTERREY, Mexico - Governments throughout Mexico and Central America are on alert as evidence grows that al-Qaida members are traveling in the region and looking for recruits to carry out attacks in Latin America - the potential last frontier for international terrorism.    The territory could be a perfect staging ground for Osama bin Laden's militants, with homegrown rebel groups, drug and people smugglers, and corrupt governments...
1	Phelps' Quest to Win 8 Gold Medals Ends (AP) AP - Michael Phelps surely didn't bargain for this. His quest to win eight gold medals is over, doomed by America's worst showing in the 400-meter freestyle relay. Gary Hall Jr. is ticked off. And now comes the toughest race of all against Ian Thorpe. Not exactly what Phelps had in mind when he decided to challenge Mark Spitz.
2	Advocate Or Promoter? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - As the second employee of InfoSpace, Jean-Remy Facq saw the value of his stock inflate and then collapse. Now he's suing in federal court in Seattle for a  #36;4.5 million refund of 1999 federal income tax. He's just one of 200 tech workers who have hired Seattle tax lawyer/CPA Brian G. Isaacson in the hope his novel theories will help them slash old (and sometimes unpaid) tax bills from their exercise of stock options for shares that later tanked.
"0	Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge Numbers CARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and firecrackers, millions of Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether to force leftist President Hugo Chavez from office.    Lines snaked for blocks in upscale neighborhoods, where suspicion is high that the leftist leader plans a Cuba-style dictatorship, and in the slums, where support for his """"revolution for the poor"""" is fervent..."
0	People flee storm-ravaged Philippine towns as rescuers search for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Panicked residents scrambled to flee three storm-ravaged coastal Philippine towns on Sunday while rescuers made last-ditch attempts to find survivors of the powerful storm that left more than 1,100 dead and missing.
0	India Says Rebel Chief Killed in Kashmir Gunbattle SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian soldiers killed the head  of a guerrilla group fighting for Kashmir's merger with  Pakistan in a gunbattle on Thursday, hours before President  Abdul Kalam began a rare visit to the region, an official said.
0	Edwards Caps Intense Push in Iowa (AP) AP - Capping an intense 10-day competition for Iowa's seven electoral votes, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards accused the Bush administration on Sunday of being captured by drug and insurance interests at the expense of working families.
1	Hewitt overcomes Ginepri to reach Washington final Australian Lleyton Hewitt eased into the final of the Washington Classic on Saturday with a 6-3 6-4 victory over fourth-seeded American Robby Ginepri.
0	Heavy fighting erupts in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting has broken out between US troops and Shi #39;ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf after a peace delegation failed to broker a truce to end nearly two weeks of clashes. 
1	Braves Edge Padres 6-5 (AP) AP - Andruw Jones hit a two-run homer off Trevor Hoffman in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves threw out the potential tying run at the plate for the final out Wednesday night, preserving a 6-5 come-from-behind win over the San Diego Padres.
1	Cowboys Rally to Beat Raiders, 21-20 (AP) AP - Kerry Collins' one completion covered almost as many yards as Rich Gannon's seven. That's one reason why he might be a better fit in the Oakland Raiders' new offense. Collins' 89-yard scoring strike to Doug Gabriel in the third quarter was the biggest play of the game before the Dallas Cowboys rallied to beat Oakland 21-20 on Tony Romo's 1-yard keeper with six seconds left Saturday night.
1	Four Tied for Lead at Reno-Tahoe Open (AP) AP - Scott McCarron made four birdies in 12 holes, moving into a four-way tie for the lead in the second round of the Reno-Tahoe Open on Friday before thunderstorms forced play to be suspended.
0	Sadr agrees to accept Iraq peace mission demands BAGHDAD : Shiite militia leader Moqtada Sadr has agreed to disarm and quit a holy shrine in Najaf as demanded by Iraq #39;s key national conference, one of the organisers of the meeting said. 
2	Australia #39;s Woolworths second-half profit up Australian supermarket giant, Woolworths, beat forecasts on Monday with a 12 per cent rise in second-half profit on vigorous cost savings and its ability to drive margins despite a competitive onslaught.
0	Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -Witnesses NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared still to  be in control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
0	U.S. Soldiers Battle Shiites in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy...
0	Bomb Blasts Hit Kathmandu, as Rebel Blockade Continues The Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, has been hit by bomb blasts on the third day of a blockade called by Maoist rebels. Nepalese business leaders are calling for a cease-fire between the government and the rebels. 
0	Iraqi official: cleric agrees to withdraw forces from Najaf shrine BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) -- A delegate at Iraq #39;s National Conference in Baghdad says a militant Shiite cleric has agreed to disarm and pull his forces from a shrine in Najaf. 
"2	Deere Earnings Up, Raises 2004 Forecast CHICAGO (Reuters) - Deere   Co. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;DE.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the world's  largest farm equipment makers,  said on Tuesday that quarterly  earnings jumped 62 percent, driven by strength in its  agricultural and construction equipment businesses."
0	Iraqi Delegation Set for Najaf Peace Bid BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious leaders  prepared to go to the holy city of Najaf on Tuesday in a  last-ditch bid to persuade a radical Shi'ite cleric to end a  rebellion that has killed hundreds and rattled oil markets.
0	Cabrera Leads Red Sox Past Blue Jays 5-4 BOSTON - Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.    Pinch-hitter Dave Roberts drew a leadoff walk in the ninth and was forced out at second base on Johnny Damon's grounder off Kevin Frederick (0-2)...
0	U.S. Aircraft Hit Militias in Najaf as Tanks Near Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. helicopter gunships pounded  Shi'ite militias in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf on Sunday as  tanks rumbled to within 800 meters (yards) of a holy shrine at  the center of a near three-week insurgency.
0	US marines in tense Najaf standoff NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - US marines and a radical Iraqi cleric are locked in a tense standoff after the firebrand leader refused to leave a holy shrine in Najaf despite earlier agreeing to disarm his militia and withdraw. 
0	Militia Offers to Cede Control of Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - A rebel cleric's militiamen kept their guns outside a holy site Friday after issuing a surprise offer to give up control of the Imam Ali Shrine to Shiite Muslim religious leaders, but negotiators wrangled into the night over getting the militants out of the compound.    The removal of weapons and pledge to hand over keys to religious authorities was seen as a big step toward a resolution of the two-week faceoff in Najaf that has killed dozens of people and wounded hundreds in fighting between Muqtada al-Sadr's militia and a joint U.S.-Iraq force...
0	Sporadic gunfire in Najaf after aide says radical cleric orders fighters to leave Najaf shrine NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Sporadic gunfire echoed through Najaf on Friday after a night of heavy US bombing that saw radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr order his fighters to hand control of a revered Najaf ...
1	Bill Simmons I #39;m starting to wonder if  quot;Puerto Rico 92, USA 73 quot; was one of those life-altering upsets, along the lines of  quot;USA 4, USSR 3 quot; and  quot;Cadwallader 99, Nevada State 98. quot; It #39;s not that we lost. I knew that was going to happen. Even predicted it. It was the way ...
2	LoJack buys Canadian tracking company LoJack Corp., which makes devices for recovering stolen cars, agreed to buy Boomerang Tracking Inc. for about \$48 million to expand into Canada. LoJack will pay about \$4.32 a share in cash or a combination of cash and stock for the Montreal maker of stolen vehicle recovery equipment, LoJack said. Westwood-based LoJack also gets Boomerang's cash balance of \$12 million. ...
0	Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine - Witness NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared to be in  control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday hours after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
"0	Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as """"losing his cool"""" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam..."
0	Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf in a step aimed at ending the 2-week-old uprising centered on the holy site.    Iraq's highest Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Husseini al-Sistani, agreed to take control of the shrine, which al-Sadr's Mahdi Army militia turned into a stronghold and refuge during their fight with U.S...
0	Explosions Echo Throughout Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy...
2	Parmalat sues former auditors for at least \$10 bn LONDON, August 18 (New Ratings)  The insolvent Italian dairy food product company, Parmalat Finanziaria SpA (PAF.FSE), filed a lawsuit against its former auditors, Deloitte  amp; Touche and Grant Thornton, today, seeking damages of at least \$10 billion. 
1	FINA rejects protest over Peirsol #39;s reinstatement ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- FINA, the swimming #39;s world governing body, has rejected protest from national federations of Britain and Austria over American Aaron Peirsol #39;s reinstatement after he was disqualified in the 200m backstroke final at the ...
0	US, South Korea fail to hammer out deal over troop cut timetable (AFP) AFP - The United States and South Korea failed to hammer out a deal over a timetable for the planned reduction of US troops here, with Seoul asking for the cut to be delayed, officials said.
3	In Brief: Sleepycat releases Berkeley DB XML 2.0 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sleepycat Software this week announced the general availability of Berkeley DB XML 2.0, a major upgrade to its open source database for telecommunication infrastructure and enterprise data centers. This release adds support for XQuery 1.0, an emerging standard for XML data access, as well as improvements in performance and usability. Other enhancements include support for XPath 2.0, which allows the selection of a portion of an XML document, and support for the PHP API, which enables developers using the PHP scripting languages to work with XML documents.
0	Nigeria plans mission to Darfur as Sudan pledges to restore peace (AFP) AFP - Nigeria's President Olusegun Obasanjo called for lawmakers to approve the deployment of up to 1,500 peacekeeping troops to Sudan's war-torn province of Darfur, as Khartoum pledged to restore order there.
0	Iraq's Sadr Prepares to Hand Over Najaf Shrine (Reuters) Reuters - A radical cleric prepared to hand\control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq\to religious authorities on Friday, but still rejected demands\by the interim prime minister to disband his militia.
0	U.S. Soldiers, Militiamen Clash in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. warplanes bombed Najaf's Old City and troops clashed with Shiite militiamen Sunday amid fears a plan to end the standoff could collapse...
0	Iraq Won't Send New Delegation to Najaf BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq's National Conference refused Wednesday to send a second delegation to the holy city of Najaf to negotiate an end to fighting between U.S. troops and loyalists of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, a day after he rebuffed their demand for a meeting...
0	Peacekeepers in S. Ossetia will disarm militia TSKHINVALI. Aug 20 (Interfax) - Russian peacekeepers deployed in South Ossetia plan to collect weapons from militia units in Ossetian and Georgian villages in the self-proclaimed republic. 
0	Kerry takes legal action against Vietnam critics (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's reelection bid.
1	Australia Sets World Record in Women #39;s 400-Meter Medley Relay Australia set a world record in the women #39;s 400-meter medley relay at the Olympics, as Giaan Rooney, Leisel Jones, Petria Thomas and Jodie Henry covered the distance in 3 minutes, 57.
"2	General Growth Properties to Buy Rouse NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GGP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. shopping mall owner, on Friday said it  would buy Rouse Co. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;RSE.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$7.2 billion, expanding its  holdings of regional shopping centers and commercial property."
"2	HHS Buys 'Experimental' Glaxo Flu Vaccine WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. health officials on Tuesday  approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza  vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GSK.N&lt;/A&gt;, bringing the  U.S. total to 65 million vaccines for this flu season."
0	S.Korea's Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father's Past SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea's ruling Uri  Party resigned on Thursday after saying his father had served  as a military police officer during Japan's 1910-1945 colonial  rule on the peninsula.
0	Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15 NEW DELHI - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast on Sunday, killing at least 15 people, officials said, just an hour after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pledged to fight terrorism. The outlawed United Liberation Front of Asom was suspected of being behind the attack in Assam state and a second one later in the area, said Assam Inspector General of Police Khagen Sharma...
1	Henin-Hardenne beats Mauresmo; Gonzalez #39;s long day yields gold &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Healthy at last, Justine Henin-Hardenne is back at the top of her game. And she has a gold medal to prove it. In a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final that wasn #39;t really close, the top-ranked Henin-Hardenne overwhelmed 
0	Sadr Militia in Contacts to Hand Over Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Top aides of radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr prepared to hand over control of a holy shrine at the center of a crisis in Najaf on Friday to representatives of Iraq #39;s top ayatollah, a Sadr spokesman said. 
1	AL Capsules Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier #39;s second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night. 
"2	Deere Earnings Jump, Raises 2004 Forecast CHICAGO (Reuters) - Deere   Co. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;DE.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the world's  largest farm equipment makers, on Tuesday said quarterly  earnings jumped sharply, driven in part by strength in its  agricultural and construction equipment businesses."
0	Blast rocks Nepal police post KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist guerrillas have set off a bomb at an empty police post near Kathmandu, police say, and the Nepali capital remains cut off by land for the third day due to a rebel blockade call. 
0	Peres facing attack from Labor MKs over continued talks with Likud Labor Party Chair Shimon Peres is facing growing opposition from his party over his decision to continue coalition talks with Likud despite the Likud convention #39;s resolution last week against bringing Labor into the government.
0	Iraqi Delegation Set for Najaf Peace Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi political and religious leaders\prepared to go to the holy city of Najaf on Tuesday in a\last-ditch bid to persuade a radical Shi'ite cleric to end a\rebellion that has killed hundreds and rattled oil markets.
0	Kean Leaving Drew U., No N.J. Run Planned (AP) AP - The chairman of the Sept. 11 commission, former New Jersey Gov. Thomas H. Kean, will retire as president of Drew University in the spring, the school announced Thursday. Kean will have spent 15 years at the liberal arts school in Madison.
0	Text Message Leads Police to Killers (AP) AP - A Belgian teenager fired off a mobile phone text message to her father that his live-in girlfriend was trying to kill her in a plea for help just before she died, authorities said.
0	Rebels Explode Two Bombs in Katmandu Suspected Maoist rebels shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Katmandu on Friday to reinforce a blockade of the Nepali capital to press for the release of jailed guerrillas.
0	ICJ ruling on Israeli fences may lead to sanctions: Attorney General JERUSALEM, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Attorney General Menachem Mazuz said Thursday that the Hague ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) on Israeli security fences could lead to sanctions against the country, local newspaper Ha #39;aretz ...
2	US airlines agree to cut flights at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - US airlines have agreed to limit flights into Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport at peak periods to stem record delays that have slowed aviation nationwide, federal officials said on Wednesday. 
0	Oil prices edge lower in Asian trading, still near record highs (AFP) AFP - Oil prices were slightly lower in Asian trading on easing concerns over supply disruptions but were still hovering near record highs, dealers said.
"0	Retiring GOP Rep.: Iraq War Unjustified (AP) AP - A top Republican congressman has broken from his party in the final days of his House career, saying he believes the U.S. military assault on Iraq was unjustified and the situation there has deteriorated into """"a dangerous, costly mess."
"2	Arch Coal: Triton Acquisition Completed WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Arch Coal Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;ACI.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Friday it had completed the acquisition of rival Triton Coal  Co. after a U.S. appeals court denied the government's bid to  block the deal."
1	After Five Golds, Phelps Bows Out of Relay (AP) AP - Michael Phelps ended his magnificent Olympics with a magnanimous gesture. He matched Mark Spitz's record of four individual gold medals in the pool, then gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker  #151; whom Phelps had just beaten.
2	Google Raises \$1.67 Bln in Cut-Price IPO NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc., the most popular Internet search engine, raised \$1.67 billion on Wednesday in its long-awaited IPO after slashing the price and size of an offer beset by missteps and ...
0	Iraq's Sadr Prepares to Hand Over Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical cleric prepared to hand  control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq  to religious authorities on Friday, but still rejected demands  by the interim prime minister to disband his militia.
2	Google Go Lucky One of Googles earliest features was a simple button beneath its search box that reads Im feeling lucky. The intention is for info-hungry masses to enter search terms, click on the lucky button and, voila, land on precisely the web page 
0	Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks rolled into the Old City of Najaf toward a holy Shiite shrine where militants were hiding Monday as participants at a national conference voted to send a delegation here to try to negotiate an end to the fighting...
1	On deck: Marlins (60-60) at Padres (65-56), 7:05 tonight The Skinny: Beckett is facing the Padres for the first time in San Diego. In two career starts in Florida, Beckett is 2-0 against the Padres with a 1.93 ERA.
0	Southern Africa: Zim Election Group Welcomes SADC Guidelines The Zimbabwe Elections Support Network (ZESN) has welcomed the adoption of guidelines for holding democratic elections at the Southern African Development Community (SADC) summit in Mauritius this week. 
0	Confusion Surrounds Seizure of Iraqi Mosque NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq #39;s interim government said it had defused a Shi #39;ite rebellion in Najaf on Friday without a shot being fired, but rebel militiamen denied police had seized the city #39;s sacred Imam Ali Mosque from their control. 
0	U.S. Aircraft Make New Attack on Rebels in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh\assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf\early Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque\at the center of a two-week siege ran into trouble.
2	Army to Withhold Some Payments From Halliburton The U.S. Army plans to withhold payment on 15 percent of future invoices of Halliburton's logistics deal in Iraq due to an ongoing billing dispute.
1	Eight Wild Cards Added to U.S. Open (AP) AP - Alex Bogomolov Jr., ranked 110th, was among eight young American men given U.S. Open wild cards Thursday.
0	Najaf Fighting Resumes Amid Peace Mission BAGHDAD, Iraq - A pared-down delegation of Iraqis arrived in Najaf by helicopter Tuesday to present radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr with a peace proposal aimed at ending the violent insurgency wracking the holy city.    Despite the delegation's presence there, fighting intensified in Najaf, with at least one U.S...
0	U.S. Battles Shiites in Iraqi Holy City (AP) AP - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy.
0	Democratic Senator Urges Energy Reform (AP) AP - Congress must pass legislation to protect the nation's electricity grid if it wants to avoid repeats of the devastating outages that rolled across eight states last year, Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., said Saturday.
2	House Call (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - It says something when the world's largest home-improvement retailer, with  #36;65 billion in sales, is willing to risk its reputation on an  #36;800 fee. Home Depot customers do 25 million transactions each week, and most are happy enough to come back. But the relationship has always ended at the store's threshold. It left to plumbers, electricians and handymen the mud tracks in the living room, the punctured pipes in the basement and the inevitable budget overruns.
0	Pakistan failing to keep Kashmir pledge - India (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling Congress party accused Pakistan on Saturday of not keeping its promise to halt support for Kashmiri militants fighting against New Delhi's rule in the disputed Himalayan region.
0	Sadr's aides urge militants to free kidnapped journalist BAGHDAD -- Top aides to firebrand Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr called on kidnappers yesterday to free a Western journalist they are threatening to kill unless US forces withdraw from the holy city of Najaf.
1	Streaking Rangers Hold Off Indians 5-2 (AP) AP - Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Monday night.
2	Google Overcomes Regulatory, Marketing Gaffes to Do IPO Its Way Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- The founders of Google Inc. did it their way, and then they paid the price. Sergey Brin, 30, and Larry Page, 31, completed an initial public offering of the largest Internet search firm yesterday using an unorthodox Dutch auction ...
1	Back in the swim: Peirsol, Coughlin give Americans much needed splash ATHENS - As the final leg of the men #39;s 4 x 200 freestyle relay began last night at the Olympic pool, the United States held a lead of at least 1 1/2 body lengths - which, considering the final 200 meters was being swum by 6-foot-6 Klete ...
2	Media companies lose file-sharing case SAN FRANCISCO Grokster and StreamCast Networks are not liable for the swapping of copyright content like movies and music through their file-sharing software, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday, in a blow to film studios and record labels. 
0	Train set on fire by mob DHAKA: A mob torched a train in central Bangladesh yesterday as anger over a grenade attack which killed 19 people and narrowly missed opposition leader Sheikh Hasina Wajed erupted in violence and protests, officials said.
0	One dead, four missing as Typhoon Megi hits S.Korea SEOUL, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- One died and four others went missing as Typhoon Megi hit South Korea #39;s southern provinces with strong winds and heavy rains, reported South Korean Yonhap News Agency on Thursday. 
0	Iraq peace mission arrives in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - An Iraqi peace delegation has urged a radical Shi #39;ite cleric to call off his uprising in the city of Najaf, where US troops have been pounding militia positions near the country #39;s holiest Islamic sites. 
2	Medtronic Quarterly Net Up (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices\that manage irregular heart beats and products used to treat\the spine.
2	Stocks Up, Oil Price Ease Gives Relief NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks climbed on Monday, getting  a boost from lower oil prices after Venezuela's president  declared he had survived a recall referendum, easing fears  about the country's oil exports.
1	NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost ...
0	Fighting Continues In South Ossetia Prague, 17 August 2004 (RFE/RL) -- Fresh fighting and further casualties were reported overnight in Georgia #39;s separatist republic of South Ossetia. The violence erupted hours after Georgia and South Ossetia reached an agreement under which all armed units ...
0	Fighting rages in South Ossetia Heavy fighting erupts in Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region, shattering a two-day ceasefire.
0	Chavez Survives Recall, Vows to Deepen Revolution (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuela's left-wing\President, Hugo Chavez, easily won a referendum on his rule and\on Monday offered to open a dialogue with opponents, while\vowing to intensify the reforms at the heart of the nation's\political conflict.
1	Pittsburgh vs. Arizona PHOENIX (Ticker) -- Jack Wilson lofted a sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a wild 8-7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks. In the 10th, Jose Castillo drew leadoff walk against Greg Aquino (0-1) and stole ...
"0	Trial on Private Prison in Afghanistan Is Underway Jonathan Keith """"Jack"""" Idema, the American accused of running a free-lance anti-terror operation and private prison in Afghanistan, testified in court Monday that he could prove U.S. and Afghan authorities were fully aware of his actions."
"2	Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profits OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;  earned stock market applause on Thursday as it slashed more  jobs, released on-target profit estimates, and took steps to  clean up its accounting mess."
0	World News  gt; US launches fresh offensive against Iraqi rebels: US aircrafts Sunday pounded positions held by militants loyal to Iraq #39;s radical Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the besieged sacred city of Najaf, Xinhua reports.
0	Ashour Conquers World Junior Squash Title ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Aug 23 (PNS) - Egypt Ramy Ashour became the newest World Junior Squash Champion following a 3-0 finals victory in the PIA 13th World Junior Squash Championships against Yasir Butt of Pakistan at the Mushaf Ali Mir Squash Complex 
"2	Weak Ice Cream Sales Melt Nestle's Profit ZURICH (Reuters) - Higher raw material costs and lower ice  cream sales in Europe ate into Nestle's &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NESN.VX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;NESN.VX&lt;/A&gt; first-half  results, sending shares in the world's largest food group down  over five percent on Wednesday amid concerns about its  long-term profitability."
0	China Invokes Deng to Send Tough Taiwan Message China invoked late leader Deng Xiaoping on Saturday in its campaign to recover Taiwan, lauding his proposal to recover the island by a  quot;one country, two systems quot; formula but saying he never gave up the threat of force.
0	Sporadic Violence in Bangladesh After Rally Attack DHAKA (Reuters) - Angry mobs ransacked a railway station  and burned train coaches in Bangladesh on Sunday, officials  said, as sporadic violence erupted after grenade attacks on an  opposition party rally killed at least 17 people.
1	Agassi Opens With A Win In Washington No. 1 seed Andre Agassi overcame a sluggish start to the first set to eventually beat compatriot Paul Goldstein in straight sets at the Legg Mason Classic in Washington. 
0	Militants #39; positions bombed WANA, Aug 21: Fighter planes and helicopter gunships carried out strikes on militants #39; positions in South Waziristan on Saturday.
2	UPDATE: NZ #39;s Sky Network TV, INL Enter Merger Talks WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s monopoly pay television operator Sky Network Television Ltd. (SKY.NZ) said Thursday it is in merger talks with its majority shareholder Independent Newspapers Ltd. (INL.NZ). 
0	Sudan, UN Sign Deal on  #39;Refugees Return #39; KHARTOUM, August 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Eight days before the expiry of the UN Security Council deadline on Darfur, Sudan said it would disarm militias in the troubled area gradually, and signed a deal with the United Nations saying it 
0	More Violence in Nepal on 4th Day of Rebel Blockade In Nepal, fresh violence has erupted in the capital, Kathmandu, on the fourth day of a blockade imposed by Maoist rebels. The rebels are not backing down, even though the government has agreed to one of their key demands.
1	Roddick, Venus, Navratilova Win Openers (AP) AP - Bothered more by the wind and her wrist wrap than her opponent, defending gold medalist Venus Williams overpowered Melinda Czink of Hungary 6-1, 6-2 in the opening match of the Athens Games' tennis tournament. Andy Roddick made his Olympic debut with a 6-3, 7-6 (4) victory over Flavio Saretta of Brazil, swatting 12 aces and 16 service winners.
0	Violence in blockaded Kathmandu as Nepal agrees to meet Maoists halfway (AFP) AFP - Maoist rebels who have cut off Kathmandu for three days attacked security forces and bombed buildings inside the Nepalese capital, as the government partially agreed to guerrilla demands for lifting the blockade.
0	Iraqi Troops to Take Lead in Fighting Militia Iraq will send troops to Najaf to battle a Shiite Muslim militia after peace talks collapsed between the government and Moqtada Sadr.
0	Darfur humanitarian crisis easing, UN says KHARTOUM, Sudan  While violence remains a major concern, the humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region is easing and large-scale deaths from malnutrition and disease are likely to be averted as international assistance pours in, UN ...
0	Chavez Survives Recall, Vows to Deepen Revolution CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez easily won a referendum on his rule and  on Monday offered to open a dialogue with opponents while also  vowing to intensify the reforms at the heart of the nation's  political conflict.
1	US Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal THENS, Aug. 18 - After a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought his night was over. 
0	Sadr calls for Najaf ceasefire NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Radical Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr has agreed to disarm his Iraqi militia and leave a holy shrine but only after a truce with encircling US marines. 
1	US Men Squander Lead, But Hold Off Thorpe to Win ATHENS, Aug. 17 -- Rarely has a huge lead disappeared so quickly. Largely unheralded US swimmer Klete Keller jumped in the pool for the final leg of the 4x200-meter freestyle relay a second-and-a-half ahead of Australian legend Ian Thorpe. 
2	Google slashes IPO price range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google, the world #39;s most popular Web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95 per share from between \$108 and \$135 per share. 
0	Peace team urges Sadr to call off uprising: Militia positions pounded NAJAF, Aug 17: An Iraqi peace delegation urged Shia leader Moqtada Sadr on Tuesday to call off his uprising in Najaf, and on the battlefront US troops pounded militia positions near the country #39;s holiest sites. 
0	FBI Tracks Potential GOP Protesters (AP) AP - With the Republican National Convention less than two weeks away, federal agents and city police are keeping tabs on activists and others they believe might try to cause trouble. They are making unannounced visits to people's homes, conducting interviews and monitoring Web sites and meetings.
1	Cubs Blast Six Homers in Astros Mauling NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros in Houston on Friday. 
1	Maine's Crocker part of record-setting team ATHENS -- Michael Phelps was sitting in the bleachers in his team shirt and shorts last night, waving a small American flag and exulting in every gold medal. Especially the one he got without swimming a stroke.
0	Winfrey, Jury Convict Man of Murder CHICAGO - A jury that included talk show host Oprah Winfrey convicted a man of murder Wednesday after a trial that turned into a media frenzy because of the billionaire in the jury box.    Jurors deliberated for more than two hours before convicting 27-year-old Dion Coleman of first-degree murder in the February 2002 shooting death of 23-year-old Walter Holley...
1	Zijlaard-van Moorsel wins women #39;s road individual time trial ATHENS, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Dutch legendary cyclist Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel won women #39;s road individual time trial at Athens Olympics with a time of 31:11.53 on Wednesday, ahead of Deirdre Demet-Barry of United States and Karin Thuerig of ...
0	As Milosevic turns 63, UN judges seek to get trial back on track THE HAGUE -- Slobodan Milosevic spent a fourth birthday in UN custody yesterday, his war crimes trial at a standstill because of his fragile health and his judges facing a dilemma on how to get it going again.
0	Maoist rebels bomb government buildings Police in Nepal say more than 1,000 Maoist rebels have stormed a district headquarters in the country #39;s northwest, bombing government buildings and killing at least one soldier.
0	7 Texas Kids Found in Nigeria Orphanage HOUSTON - Seven Texas children were discovered abandoned at a Nigerian orphanage, suffering from disease and malnutrition, and have been brought back to the United States.    Child Protective Services, which received emergency custody of the children Monday, is investigating accusations that the children's adoptive mother abandoned them in Nigeria in October and later went to work in Iraq as a private contractor...
1	Atlanta rallies to top Dodgers Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs, and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Dodgers, 6-5, last night in Los Angeles.
2	Logan may benefit from fewer O'Hare flights WASHINGTON -- Flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving O'Hare International Airport -- the result of two weeks of talks with the Transportation Department to alleviate traffic at the overburdened Chicago airport -- are expected to improve on-time performance nationwide, including at Logan International Airport in Boston, where schedules have suffered because of O'Hare delays, according to aviation officials and ...
0	China Detains Eight Roman Catholic Priests -Group BEIJING (Reuters) - China has detained eight Roman Catholic  priests in northern Hebei province, continuing a crackdown on  those loyal to the Pope, a U.S.-based religious right group  said on Wednesday.
2	Google Sells Shares in IPO for \$85 After Cutting Price of Stock Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc., the most-used Internet search engine, sold shares at \$85 each in its initial public offering, the bottom of the range the company had suggested the stock would fetch in the biggest auction-style IPO. 
1	Basketball: U.S. Women Win Again, Greece Qualify ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States ran their preliminary  round record to a perfect 5-0 with a 100-62 drubbing of China  at the women's Olympic basketball tournament on Sunday,  remaining on course for a third consecutive gold medal.
0	India clears cricket team to begin Bangladesh tour (Reuters) Reuters - India said on Tuesday its national cricket team's Bangladesh tour could begin, after a threat from an Islamic militant group prompted a security review.
0	10 Killed by Bombs at Bangladesh Rally DHAKA, Bangladesh Aug. 21, 2004 - A series of bombs exploded as a top Bangladeshi opposition leader was speaking at a rally from atop a truck Saturday, killing at least 14 people and injuring hundreds, witnesses and news reports said.
0	The Changing Face Of Al-Qaeda In a series of apparently well-coordinated raids, British and Pakistani security forces arrested a number of terrorism suspects in early August. Some of the men arrested in the United Kingdom were charged with  quot;conspiring...to cause fear, panic, and ...
"0	Residents Return to Darfur After Fleeing Attack SANI DELAIBA, Sudan (Reuters) - """"Only God saved us when the  Janjaweed attacked. We had to walk to safety and 12 men were  killed,"""" said Khultoum Eissa Abdallah, now back in her hometown  in Sudan's troubled Darfur region."
0	Group frees US journalist hostage in Iraq fiance who spent three months with me in Nassiriya, quot; Garen told Arab satellite television Al Jazeera by telephone. He was speaking from the Nassiriya office of rebel Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.
3	Cheapware (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Craig Murphy has had enough. As chief technology officer at Sabre Holdings, which runs the world's largest airfare and ticketing network, Murphy has spent millions of dollars on database and other software from companies like Oracle. But last year, when Sabre was building a new computer system for online shoppers, Murphy took a flyer on a database program from a little-known company in Sweden that charges only  #36;495 per server computer, versus a  #36;160,000 list price for Oracle. Guess what? The Swedish stuff works great. ...
1	Venter back for Boks ABRASIVE Springbok flanker AJ Venter returns to the field on Saturday for South Africa #39;s crunch encounter against Australia, the only change to the team announced by coach Jake White today. 
1	Twins Rally to Beat Indians in 10 Innings (AP) AP - The Minnesota Twins left Cleveland clinging to first place in the AL Central  #151; and already looking ahead to their next showdown with the surprising Indians.
0	Pakistan spin India to defeat (AFP) AFP - Pakistan spinners Shahid Afridi and Shoaib Malik took seven wickets between them to bowl their side to a 66-run win over arch-rivals India in the opening match of the triangular event here.
"2	Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out NEW YORK (Reuters) - The initial public offering of  Internet search engine Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; was billed as a  bonanza for millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy,  with check in hand, was left out of the party."
0	Maoist rebels bomb Nepalese capital KATHMANDU - Suspected Maoist rebels exploded two bombs in Kathmandu on Friday, the third day of their blockade of Nepal #39;s capital city. 
0	Venezuelans Rush to Vote in Referendum on Chavez CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back his mandate to govern the world's  No. 5 oil exporter for the next two years.
0	US soldier killed in eastern Baghdad-military BAGHDAD, Iraq  One US soldier was killed and several others were wounded in clashes with Iraqi Shi #39;ite militiamen in a Baghdad suburb Monday, the US military said Tuesday. 
0	Twenty-Five Hurt as Azores Plane Avoids Collision (Reuters) Reuters - Twenty-five TAP-Air Portugal passengers\and crew were slightly injured when the plane made a hasty\maneuver to avoid a mid-air collision just before landing on an\island in The Azores on Friday, TAP said.
0	Nepal Seeks to Break Rebel Siege with Air Patrols KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Military helicopters provided air  cover to vehicles ferrying crucial supplies to the Nepali  capital on Sunday, a senior army officer said, as a blockade  called by Maoist rebels stretched into its fifth day.
0	Maoist Rebels Block Land Routes to Nepali Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist rebels, fighting to topple  Nepal's constitutional monarchy, cut off all land routes to the  Himalayan kingdom's capital on Wednesday, disrupting food and  supplies to the city of 1.5 million people.
0	China: Deadly Bird Flu Strain Found in Pigs Chinese scientists say they have discovered a deadly strain of the bird flu virus in pigs. Speaking at an international conference on avian flu and SARS in Beijing Friday, Chinese animal research facility official, Chen Hualan said the deadly H5N1 virus ...
0	Congolese Massacre Victims in Burundi Mourned GATUMBA, Burundi (Reuters) - Mourners covered their faces  to block the smell of disinfectant and death Monday as they  buried more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees burned, hacked  and shot in an attack on their camp in western Burundi.
1	US swimmer Phelps puts on show for the ages As of Saturday, the end of the swimming competitions, he had eight medals: Six gold and two bronze. In comparison, Canada has won two silver and a bronze.
0	Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave Shrine BAGHDAD, Iraq - Delegates at Iraq's National Conference called Monday for radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to abandon his uprising against U.S. and Iraqi troops and pull his fighters out of a holy shrine in Najaf...
2	Google Slashes IPO Price Range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the world #39;s most popular Web search engine, slashed the price of its share offering Wednesday, as what had been touted as the hottest dot-com listing in years fell prey to worry about a slump in ...
0	Bombs Explode at Rally in Bangladesh DHAKA, Bangladesh - A series of bombs exploded at an opposition rally in the Bangladesh capital Saturday, killing one person and injuring hundreds, witnesses said.    The blasts occurred as the main opposition leader Sheikh Hasina was addressing the rally from atop a truck...
0	18 Killed by Bombs at Bangladesh Rally (AP) AP - Soldiers and armed police patrolled the Bangladeshi capital on Sunday, a day after more than a dozen grenades were thrown at an opposition rally, killing at least 18 people and injuring hundreds.
1	Blue Jays Drub O's Carlos Delgado homered and drove in three runs as the Toronto Blue Jays handed the Baltimore Orioles their fifth straight loss, 10-4, on Saturday.
1	Han Shoots Par, Leads Wendy's Championship (AP) AP - Hee-Won Han was back atop the leaderboard at the Wendy's Championship for Children. Han, the defending champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round Saturday to take a two-shot lead. The South Korean had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
0	Philippine Rebels Free Troops, Talks in Doubt PRESENTACION, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine communist rebels freed Wednesday two soldiers they had held as  quot;prisoners of war quot; for more than five months, saying they wanted to rebuild confidence in peace talks with the government. 
0	White House Deals With Detainee Legalities (AP) AP - The Bush administration is taking the narrowest possible view of legal rights the Supreme Court gave to terrorism detainees while trying to fend off any new court challenges. Ultimately the high court probably will weigh in again, lawyers said.
0	Venezuelan President Survives Recall Vote CARACAS, Venezuela - President Hugo Chavez appeared to have survived a popular referendum to oust him, according to early results Monday, while Venezuela's opposition swiftly claimed fraud.    Backers of the leftist populist president set off fireworks and began celebrating in the streets of the capital in the pre-dawn darkness upon hearing the news from Francisco Carrasquero, president of the National Elections Council...
0	Sadr calls for Najaf ceasefire BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Anti-US cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and his followers are ready to leave the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf if American-led forces pull back from the holy Shi #39;ite site, an aide to Sadr says. 
0	Ex-Spymasters Want Power for Intel Czar (AP) AP - Three former spymasters told senators Monday that creating a new national intelligence director would be worthless without giving that person authority over the budgets of the nation's spy agencies.
1	Woods #39; No. 1 is safe for now Tiger Woods lost the lead to Stewart Cink yesterday but his world ranking is safe for the moment. Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Cink looked at ease on a marathon day at the NEC Invitational that ended with ...
1	Padres release former all-stat Rod Beck, recall Freddy Guzman SAN DIEGO (AP) - The San Diego Padres released reliever Rod Beck on Tuesday and recalled centre fielder Freddy Guzman from triple-A Portland. 
1	Brees Passes Chargers Past Cardinals 38-13 (AP) AP - Drew Brees continued his strong exhibition season, passing the San Diego Chargers to a big halftime lead and a 38-13 victory over the Arizona Cardinals on Saturday night.
0	Pakistan says suicide-attack plot on leaders, embassy foiled  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- At least five Al Qaeda-linked terrorists suspected of plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy have been arrested by Pakistan, officials announced yesterday.
0	Al Qaeda operative said to visit Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A senior Al Qaeda operative captured in Britain this month had traveled in March to a militant hideout near the Pakistan-Afghan border and met with other terror suspects, ...
2	Toyota tunes in satellite radio Auto maker Toyota on Tuesday entered into separate deals with rival satellite radio service providers Sirius and XM. Under its agreement with Sirius, Toyota will offer Sirius satellite radio service--either 
"2	Wall St. Seen Lower on Oil; Google Eyed PARIS (Reuters) - Sky-high oil prices are likely to  pressure Wall Street once again on Thursday, while earnings  news from tech giants Ciena &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CIEN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;CIEN.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nortel &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; and  Google's &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; awaited Nasdaq debut will also steer  sentiment."
1	Springboks targets scrum THE South Africans have called the Wallabies scrum cheats as a fresh round of verbal warfare opened in the Republic last night. 
1	Moore ousts Overton in US Amateur Moore, a senior at UNLV who has already won the NCAA Division I, US Amateur Public Links and Western Amateur titles, will face Luke List, who beat Chris Nallen in 19 holes, in today #39;s 36-hole final.
1	Today's schedule Pro baseball: Eastern League -- Trenton vs. Portland (2) at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 1 p.m.; New Hampshire vs. New Britain at New Britain (Conn.) Stadium, 1:30 p.m.; Northeast League -- North Shore vs. New Haven at Yale Field, New Haven, 2 p.m.; Elmira vs. Brockton (2) at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, 5 p.m.
0	Son Running for Ill. Rep.'s House Seat (AP) AP - Democratic Party officials picked U.S. Rep. William Lipinski's son Tuesday to replace his father on the November ballot, a decision engineered by Lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
0	Congolese Massacre Victims in Burundi Mourned GATUMBA, Burundi (Reuters) - Mourners covered their faces  to block the smell of disinfectant and death on Monday as they  buried more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees burned, hacked  and shot in an attack on their camp in western Burundi.
0	Pakistan's Ruling Party Claims Win in Vote (AP) AP - The ruling party claimed victory Wednesday in special elections designed to clear the path for Pakistan's finance minister to be elevated to prime minister. The opposition said the vote was rigged.
1	Biffle, Martin give Roush 1-2 punch at Michigan BROOKLYN, Mich. (SportsTicker) - Greg Biffle took over the lead with 17 laps left and held off teammate Mark Martin to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series GFS Marketplace 400 at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday.
1	Pacers #39; Foster activated from injured list Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after undergoing hip surgery in October.
2	Midway Could Be Viacom Acquisition Target (Reuters) Reuters - Media conglomerate Viacom Inc.\(VIAb.N) is considering expanding into the video game business\and could acquire publisher Midway Games Inc. (MWY.N),\according to a regulatory filing on Friday by Viacom chief\Sumner Redstone, who owns a controlling stake in Midway.
"2	Midway Could Be Viacom Acquisition Target LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Media conglomerate Viacom Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt; is considering expanding into the video game business  and could acquire publisher Midway Games Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;MWY.N&lt;/A&gt;,  according to a regulatory filing on Friday by Viacom chief  Sumner Redstone, who owns a controlling stake in Midway."
0	Mass. Republicans Eye Kerry's Senate Seat (AP) AP - Massachusetts Republicans, while supportive of President Bush's re-election, are mindful of the opportunity created should John Kerry beat him in November's election: the state's first Senate vacancy in two decades and a chance to break the Democratic monopoly on its 12-member delegation in Congress.
1	NL Wrap: Johnson Fans 14 Mets as Arizona Snaps Slide (Reuters) Reuters - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in\8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game\losing streak with a 2-0 win over the New York Mets on Sunday.
1	Pettitte out for the season PHILADELPHIA -- Andy Pettitte #39;s first year as a non-Yankee ended yesterday in appropriately depressing fashion: His team was here at Citizens Bank Park, and he was back home in Houston, preparing for season-ending surgery. 
0	Blast in Gaza Home of Hamas Man Kills 4 - Medics GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a senior Hamas militant in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least four people and wounding him and about a dozen other Palestinians, medics said. 
0	Blast in Gaza Home of Hamas Man Kills 4 - Medics GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a  senior Hamas militant in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least  four people and wounding him and about a dozen other  Palestinians, medics said.
0	Ill. Congressman's Son to Be on Ballot (AP) AP - Democratic Party officials picked U.S. Rep. William Lipinski's son Tuesday to replace his father on the November ballot, a decision engineered by Lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
0	U.S. Aircraft Make New Attack on Rebels in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf  early Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque  at the center of a two-week siege ran into trouble.
0	Rolling through rural China, train of doctors restores sight KASHGAR, China -- Impatiently, Gopur Samat stood at the ready as a nurse stripped the bandage from his right eye and steered his attention toward a chart 20 feet away. Smiling, Gopur pointed up. Still smiling as the nurse gestured toward another symbol, he pointed down. Then left, then right. Gopur, 68, suddenly could see clearly again.
1	Greek jubilation no myth in  #39;Peg Despite sluggish ticket sales and a scandal involving their star athletes, members of Winnipeg #39;s Greek community are still thrilled Greece is hosting this year #39;s Olympic Games.  quot;There #39;s a lot of excitement, quot; said Chris Iacovidis, president of the Greek ...
0	U.S. Public Now Evenly Split on Iraq War (AP) AP - Nine months of chaos and casualties in Iraq since Saddam Hussein's capture have taken a heavy toll on American opinion of President Bush's decision to go to war. Last December, when Saddam was caught, public support for Bush was 2-to-1 in favor. Now the public is evenly divided on whether the war was the right thing to do or whether it was a mistake.
0	Mbeki: Ivory Coast Parties Agree to Push for Peace South African President Thabo Mbeki said Monday he had reached agreement with all sides in Ivory Coast #39;s conflict on measures which should speed up implementation of a French-brokered peace accord.
0	Ten al-Qaeda suspects arrested in Pakistan for planned attacks Islamabad, Aug 22 (DPA) Pakistan #39;s Interior Minister Faisal Saleh Hayat said today that the security agencies have arrested at least ten suspected al-Qaeda operatives who were planning to attack important government and US targets in Islamabad last week.
2	Highland buys Tremont Boston in four-hotel deal worth \$227M The 322-room Tremont Boston was sold to Highland Hospitality Corp., a Virginia-based real estate investment trust that purchased the hotel along with three others for \$227 million from Wyndham International Inc. 
1	Wilkinson to raise the bar Sir Clive Woodward yesterday joined the chorus of acclaim that greeted Jonny Wilkinson #39;s return to action on Tuesday night after eight months on the sidelines with a neck injury. 
0	China Appeals to N. Korea for Nuke Talks (AP) AP - China appealed to North Korea on Tuesday to join working meetings before a new round of six-party talks on dismantling its nuclear program, despite the North's declaration that it saw no point in attending.
0	Fightings Continue in Najaf Militant supporters of radical Iraqi Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a sacred religious shrine Sunday as fighting flared around the holy city of Najaf, south of Baghdad.
"0	Al-Sadr Tells Militia to Turn Over Shrine (AP) AP - Radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr ordered his fighters Thursday to hand control of a revered Najaf shrine to top Shiite religious authorities, hours after U.S. forces bombed militant positions and Iraq's prime minister made a """"final call"""" for the cleric's militia to surrender."
1	Monty still coming to terms with marriage split COLIN MONTGOMERIE openly admits he is losing sleep. But there are more serious things than the Ryder Cup on his mind. As he continues his bid to be part of Europes team next month, Montgomerie is still 
0	Nigeria Wants AU Troops to Disarm Darfur Rebels Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo on Sunday proposed to give a greater role to African Union (AU) troops in restoring peace to Sudan #39;s Darfur region on the eve of talks between the Sudanese government and rebels.
0	Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15 (AP) AP - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast Sunday, killing at least 15 people, including schoolchildren, while a rocket attack during a celebration at a school in the separatist region of Kashmir injured 17, officials said.
0	Americans in Afghan Trial Ask FBI for Documents KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Three Americans standing  trial in Afghanistan Monday for imprisoning and torturing  Afghans were given a week to provide evidence, which they say  was withheld by U.S. authorities, proving that they had  official clearance.
0	Militants Bomb Two Churches in Mosul (AP) AP - Militants bombed two churches Tuesday in Mosul, wounding three people in a coordinated attack apparently aimed at stirring trouble between religious groups in this ethnically diverse northern city.
1	Fiorentina, Atalanta Win at Italian Cup (AP) AP - Fiorentina, Atalanta, Messina and Livorno all won their first-round matches of the Italian Cup on Sunday, stepping closer to qualification for the next round.
2	Update 1: US Airways Union Says Labor Deal Is Near Union leaders representing US Airways pilots said Thursday that a new labor agreement could be struck soon, telling their rank and file a new deal is  quot;our last opportunity to control the fate of our airline and our careers. quot; ...
0	Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -Witnesses NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi #39;ite fighters appeared still to be in control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday after Iraq #39;s interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being ...
1	UPDATE 1-England edge towards series whitewash England made slow progress towards a seventh successive test win with West Indies 274 for six on day three of the fourth test at the Oval on Saturday.
0	Bangladesh Awakes in Shock as Blast Toll Hits 16 (Reuters) Reuters - Extra armed police patrolled the streets\of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a\working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath\of grenade blasts that killed at least 16 people.
"2	Belo Takes Charge for Advertising Refunds NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media company Belo Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;BLC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would refund \$23 million to advertisers because  of a circulation scandal at its Dallas Morning News newspaper,  resulting in a charge against earnings in the current quarter."
0	Arrested Qaida terrorist an India-born WASHINGTON: Abu Musa al-Hindi, one of the principle terror suspects charged with plotting to attack US financial institutions, has been identified as India-born Dhiren Barot. British police on Tuesday charged Barot, 32, of gathering surveillance plans of ...
0	Mortar Attack in Central Baghdad Kills 5 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents fired a mortar on a busy street in central Baghdad on Tuesday, killing five people and wounding 30, the Interior Ministry and hospital officials said.    Iraqi officials had earlier reported the explosion was a car bomb, but later corrected that account...
0	4 killed, 2 missing as Typhoon Megi hits western Japan TOKYO, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Four people were killed and two others missing as Typhoon Megi hit west Japan #39;s Kagawa and Ehime prefectures on Wednesday, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. 
0	Haiti ex-rebel head cleared of murder PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- A jury yesterday acquitted a leader of a paramilitary group accused of killing thousands, after a 14-hour murder trial that angered human rights groups and provoked criticism of the new US-backed government.
1	Giants finish off Phillies Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month, and the San Francisco Giants closed in on the wild-card lead with a 3-1 victory over the Phillies yesterday in Philadelphia, completing a three-game sweep.
0	Hard-Hit Havana Still Short of Water City workers distributed water in tank trucks Monday and urged about 1.4 million residents of the Cuban capital who had no running water to remain calm, four days after Hurricane Charley roared through the area.
1	Aussies Battle Americans to 1-1 Tie (AP) AP - After 17 years, the Matildas finally caught up to the U.S. women's soccer team. Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gave Australia a 1-1 tie Tuesday with the United States, breaking a 15-game Aussie losing streak that dates to the teams' first meeting in 1987.
0	Sudanese Darfur Rebels Arrive for Peace Talks Rebel delegates from Sudan #39;s western Darfur region have arrived in Nigeria for talks with Sudanese officials on ending violence sparked by a rebel uprising 18 months ago.
"2	Winn-Dixie Posts Loss But Sees Progress NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grocer Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WIN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;WIN.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday reported a quarterly loss as restructuring costs  weighed on results, but said its efforts to reverse a market  share slide are gaining momentum."
0	Rwanda Troops Airlifted to Start AU Mission in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Rwandan troops were airlifted on Sunday\to Sudan's Darfur as the first foreign force there, mandated to\protect observers monitoring a cease-fire between the Sudanese\government and rebels in the troubled western region.
0	Rescue Teams Aid Hurricane Charley Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops were scattered across Florida to help residents rally from the brunt of Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the state in a dozen years...
0	Nichols Declines to Appeal Convictions PONCA CITY, Okla. - Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols will not appeal his state murder convictions for his role in the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building, his attorney said Thursday...
1	Molina ties career high with four hits BRONX, New York (Ticker) -- Kelvim Escobar was the latest Anaheim Angels #39; pitcher to subdue the New York Yankees. Escobar pitched seven strong innings and Bengie Molina tied a career-high with four hits, including 
1	Ramirez, Red Sox Batter White Sox Manny Ramirez homered and drove in five runs as the Red Sox earned their fifth straight victory.
0	The rivers of blood still run deep in Africa #39;s Great Lakes region The Great Lakes region, which has paid Africa #39;s highest price in human lives and destruction from ethnic conflict, could soon be plunged again into wholesale war as a result of the recent massacre of 160 Congolese Tutsis in Burundi by Hutu militias.
0	Burundi authorizes UN camp for Congolese refugees GENEVA, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- The government of Burundi has authorized the United Nations to set up a camp for newly-arrived Congolese refugees following the horrific attack on the Gatumba refugee camp in Burundi last Friday, UN officials said here ...
0	Sadr Militiamen Still in Control of Iraq Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel Shi'ite fighters appeared  still to be in control of the Imam Ali mosque in the Iraqi city  of Najaf, but the whereabouts of their leader, the fiery cleric  Moqtada al-Sadr, were unknown on Saturday.
2	BEA grabs CA exec to head product group BEA Systems Inc. has hired the Computer Associates International Inc. executive responsible for CA's Unicenter line of enterprise management software to head BEA's product development group.
0	Court Acquits Mooning Theater Director (AP) AP - The Supreme Court has quashed charges of obscene exposure levied last year against avant-garde theater director Gerald Thomas, who mooned an audience after an opera performance.
0	India withdraws patronage to EU visits in J amp;K Furious with a  quot;biased quot; and interventionist report by a European parliamentary delegation, whose leader called Jammu and Kashmir  quot;the world #39;s most beautiful prison, quot; India has withdrawn official patronage to such visits.
0	Karzai Sworn in as Afghanistan's President KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected president Tuesday,  promising to bring peace to the war-torn nation and end the  economy's dependence on narcotics.
0	Senate Republicans Weigh Dismantling CIA WASHINGTON - Senate Intelligence Committee Republicans proposed removing the nation's largest intelligence gathering operations from the CIA and the Pentagon and putting them directly under a new national intelligence director.    Sen...
2	Air Canada #39;s creditors approve plan READY TO FLY: The airline plans to emerge from court shelter on Sept. 30 -- if the justices overseeing its restructuring gives the OK at a hearing set for Monday ...
2	US Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online  file-sharing software companies are not liable for copyright  infringement.
2	Waiting For Google NEW YORK - Benjamin Franklin, that annoying know-it-all, famously said,  quot;Never put off until tomorrow that which you can do today.
2	HBOS in talks to fund 8bn Abbey bid HBOS is said to be in talks with potential financial backers over how to fund an 8bn takeover bid for Abbey National in a move to break up a takeover plan from Spain #39;s Banco Santander Central Hispano.
1	U.S. Rowers Advance Americans Aquil Abdullah and Henry Nuzum row their double scull furiously down the stretch to cross the line in a dead heat with Norway on Wednesday, winning both teams a spot in a rare seven-boat final.
1	Warriors, Mavs close on five-player trade The Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a five-player trade that would bring forwards Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden State and send centers Erick Dampier, Evan Eschmeyer and guard Dan Dickau to Dallas, an NBA source aware of ...
0	Iraqi Police in Control of Najaf Shrine, According to Reports Hundreds of militiamen were arrested today when police entered the Imam Ali Mosque, but rebel Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr was not found, Iraqi officials said.
0	UN airlifts food to Darfur town The UN drops food into remote communities in Sudan's troubled Darfur region that are cut off by rain.
2	Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out NEW YORK (Reuters) - The initial public offering of  Internet search engine Google Inc. was billed as a bonanza for  millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy, with check in  hand, was left out of the party.
0	Venezuela Voters Crowd Polls in Chavez Referendum CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back his mandate to govern the world's  No. 5 oil exporter for the next two years.
1	Davenport advances in Cincinnati Mason, OH (Sports Network) - Lindsay Davenport shook off a sluggish start to rally for a three-set victory over unheralded Lilia Osterloh at the inaugural Western  amp;amp;amp; Southern Financial Group Women #39;s Open. 
2	After Circulation Scandal, a Move to Build Trust Belo Corporation has set aside \$23 million to compensate advertisers for exaggerated circulation figures at The Dallas Morning News.
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi villa POLICE defused a bomb near Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early today following a tip-off from a radical leftist group, shortly after a visit by British Prime Minister Tony Blair. 
0	Spending Cuts May Close Italy's Uffizi -Minister (Reuters) Reuters - Italy's culture minister has threatened to\shut down Florence's Uffizi museum, home of masterpieces by\Michelangelo and Botticelli, if the government doesn't scale\back planned spending cuts.
0	Two rebel infiltrators killed, separatists detained in Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Indian troops shot dead two rebels who had infiltrated into Indian Kashmir from the Pakistan-controlled zone, while two separatists and nine other people were detained in the region, officials said.
2	Autodesk tackles project collaboration Autodesk  this week unwrapped an updated version of its hosted project collaboration service targeted at the construction and manufacturing industries. Autodesk Buzzsaw lets multiple, dispersed project participants -- including building owners, developers, architects, construction teams, and facility managers -- share and manage data throughout the life of a project, according to Autodesk officials.
0	Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting  where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly  Sunday, killing at least two people in a grim reminder of the  country's tortured path toward democracy.
1	Second Wave for US Makes the Difference INGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 19 - Sixty minutes into Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifying match against Jamaica, with the United States trailing by 1-0, Brian Ching stood on the sideline, waiting to enter, more excited than nervous. 
"2	Motorola Expects Strong Sales in 2nd Half SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Tuesday it expects  to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004 on  new handsets, sparking a 4.7 percent jump in its shares."
0	Singapore #39;s new PM delivers national day rally speech Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on Sunday night delivered his first National Day Rally speech since he was sworn in as the country #39;s third Prime Minister.
0	Blasts Shake Najaf as U.S. Planes Attack Rebels NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Strong blasts were heard in the  besieged city of Najaf early Sunday as U.S. military planes  unleashed cannon and howitzer fire and a heavy firefight  erupted.
1	Life in Athens: From songs about Dutch swimmers to watching wedgies You #39;ve heard of swimmer #39;s ear, but what about swimmer #39;s wave? It #39;s the odd way in which Olympic swimmers -- and many gymnasts -- acknowledge applause: By raising their arms to the sky, palms upward, then moving their hands about as if they #39;re changing ...
1	Notables The Twins were 3 for 4 on stolen bases and lead the majors with 39 steals in 49 attempts since the All-Star break.
1	With Duncan Providing a Beat, the US Finds Its Rhythm THENS, Aug. 19 - Tim Duncan nearly tore the backboard from its moorings when he dunked the basketball on Thursday, hanging on the rim for emphasis, stretching out his frame for all of Helliniko Indoor Arena to see. 
0	Rescue workers comb storm-hit Cornish village after flash flood horror (AFP) AFP - Rescue workers combed a coastal village in north Cornwall for missing persons after a flash flood sent a wall of water tearing through the picturesque tourist spot the day before.
1	Americans Fail to Qualify in Cycling Their times were fast. So were their exits. American cyclists were simply overmatched on the speedy Olympic velodrome Saturday, all getting bounced in the preliminaries.
0	Rebels attack Chechen police station, several people killed Several people were killed and a few others wounded when rebels attacked a police station in the capital of Russia #39;s breakaway Chechen republic on Saturday, Russian news agencies reported, citing officials.
0	Israel's Sharon Confronts Party Rebels Before Vote TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon confronted  Likud party rebels with a pledge to put the good of Israel  first Wednesday as he battled to avoid an embarrassing defeat  over his Gaza pullout plan.
0	Iraq Peace Mission in Najaf; Baghdad Blast Kills 7 NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious  leaders trying to end a radical Shi'ite uprising flew into  Najaf Tuesday, where U.S. troops and militia fought pitched  battles near the country's holiest Islamic sites.
1	Hamm bounces back after fall to talke gymnastic gold A fall on his vault landing sent Hamm stumbling into the judges #39; table and all the way down to 12th place in the all-around gymnastics final. 
0	Al-Sadr agrees to peace plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Radical Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, whose militia has been fighting American and Iraqi forces for almost two weeks in Najaf, agreed Wednesday to a peace plan proposed by an Iraqi national ...
0	Bomb Found on Island Hours after Blair Visit Police defused a bomb near Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa in Sardinia early today shortly after Tony and Cherie Blair ended a visit to the Italian leader. 
0	Iraq Says Offensive Vs. Cleric to Start NAJAF, Iraq - An Iraqi Cabinet minister said Thursday that Iraqi forces could begin an offensive against Muqtada al-Sadr within hours, despite the firebrand cleric's acceptance of a peace proposal.    To prevent an imminent attack on his forces, who are holed up in the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf, al-Sadr must immediately disarm his Mahdi Army militia and hand over its weapons to the authorities, Minister of State Qassim Dawoud said...
0	Deng #39;s name used to pressure Jiang THE 100th birth anniversary of China #39;s late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping, which falls today, has been used by influential party elders to put pressure on former president Jiang Zemin to fully relinquish authority to his successor Hu Jintao.
0	Nepalese rebels set off bombs in capital Kathmandu - Nepalese rebels shot a policeman and set off two bombs in Kathmandu on Friday while keeping up a blockade that has isolated the capital since midweek to press demands for the release of rebels held by the government.
0	At least 14 people killed, 200 injured in Bangladesh #39;s bomb blasts At least 14 people were killed and over 200 injured, as a series of bombs and grenades exploded through a rally here organized by the main opposition the Awami League Saturday 
0	Australian opposition leader hospitalised with pancreatitis CANBERRA : Australian opposition leader Mark Latham is in hospital with an inflamed pancreas, his office said. 
0	Munch #39;s  quot;The Scream quot; stolen Armed robbers have stolen masterpieces by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch from a museum in Oslo and national radio said a version of  quot;The Scream quot; was part of the haul.
0	Violence spreads after rally ends in 19 deaths Violence spread across Bangladesh yesterday, as mobs set railway coaches on fire and smashed cars in retaliation for grenade attacks on an opposition rally in Dhaka that left 19 people dead and 200 injured.
0	Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa (AP) AP - Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime Minister Tony Blair finished a visit there with the Italian leader.
0	Russian Peacekeepers Move Into S. Ossetia Hoping to end persistent skirmishing, peacekeepers moved into areas near South Ossetia #39;s capital to separate Georgian troops and fighters from the breakaway region, officials said Friday.
"2	Stocks Up; Traders Eye Crude Oil Prices NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks made gains on Wednesday as  investors bought beaten-down shares, while strength in oil  prices pushed up energy companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;"
0	Najaf truce offer rejected Militia fighters loyal to the radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr today continued to battle US soldiers in Najaf, hours after a delegation from Iraq #39;s national conference had left the city empty-handed when its truce offer was turned down. 
0	Washington Post Details Ex-Uri Party Head #39;s Downfall The resignation of Uri Party chairman Shin Ki-nam after disclosures that his father was a Japanese collaborator is an example showing that the memory of Japanese imperialism is still alive in China and South Korea, the Washington Post reported on Friday.
2	General Growth to buy Rouse for \$7.2bn In the latest big deal among US real estate companies, General Growth will pay \$67.50 per share in cash for each share in Rouse, a premium of 33 per cent over its closing stock price of \$50.61 in Thursday New York Stock Exchange trade. 
0	Palestinians in Israeli Jails Start Hunger Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of Palestinian\prisoners in Israeli jails began a hunger strike for better\conditions Sunday, but Israel's security minister said he\didn't care if they starved to death.
0	Berlusconi shrugs off fears of new terror threat after Sardinia bomb scare Silvio Berlusconi brushed off fears yesterday of a fresh terrorist threat in Italy, insisting he would finish his holiday in Sardinia despite a bomb scare in the seaside town where Tony Blair ended a flying visit yesterday. 
1	Olerud Bails Out Loaiza in His Latest Bungled Audition John Olerud reveled in his return to Safeco Field by slapping a two-run single that lifted the Yankees and saved Esteban Loaiza from a defeat.
1	Olympic Swimming Ends with U.S., Australian Records ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States and Australia set  world records in the men's and women's 4x100 medley relay races  Saturday, the final day of swimming competition at the Athens  2004 Olympics.
2	Safety Gap Grows Wider Between S.U.V.'s and Cars People driving or riding in a sport utility vehicle in 2003 were nearly 11 percent more likely to die in an accident than people in cars.
0	WHO and FAO kept in dark on bird flu virus found in pigs in China (AFP) AFP - UN health and agriculture officials in China said they were not informed by the government of the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus being found in pigs, the first such discovery in the world.
2	Google Cuts IPO Price Range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on  Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited  initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95 per share from  \$108 to \$135 per share.
2	Halliburton hit THE US army will withhold payment on 15 per cent of future invoices from Halliburton, the logistics support group which is feeding and housing its troops in Iraq and Kuwait. 
0	Doubts over Sadr peace deal The radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was reported last night to have accepted a peace deal that could end the violent two-week uprising in Najaf and see his militia leave the city #39;s Imam Ali Shrine. 
0	Vatican Gives Schedule of Pope's Next Trip (AP) AP - Two days after a grueling papal pilgrimage which left some wondering if Pope John Paul II could still travel, the Vatican on Tuesday announced details of the ailing pontiff's next trip.
"3	RuntimeProperties... Reflection from System Properties \\Java developers often load system properties to customize the runtime behavior\of their applications.\\For example a develoepr could define a 'max_connections' system property to\define the maximum number of TCP connections that their application server can\support.  While nice, this prevents all other applications from using this\variable name.\\The first reaction to this would be to namespace your variable names.  Instead\of using max_connections you would now use\'my.application.Server.MAX_CONNECTIONS' as your property name.  This works of\course but now you have to load this property on startup.\\public static int MAX_CONNECTIONS = Integer.parseInt( System.getProperty(\""""my.application.Se ...\\"
1	Injured Devers Can't Finish Hurdles (AP) AP - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, failed once again in the Olympics as she was struck by injury before the first hurdle. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the 100-meter hurdles, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle. She sat on the track for about two minutes, rubbing her left leg and grimacing.
1	Baffling day in baffling race It was another glorious opportunity for the Giants to provide an answer to the burning question of the day, namely,  quot;How the hell are these guys in the wild-card race?
0	Lamenting London's double-deckers Up-to-date buses supplant symbol LONDON -- On a sweltering August afternoon, George Watson wedged himself, his briefcase, his sports jacket, and his raincoat into a narrow seat aboard the profoundly un-air-conditioned No. 38 bus, as it resumed its rumble down High Holborn, in London's bustling city center.
0	Senior Hamas leader wounded An explosion tore through the home of a senior Hamas leader in Gaza yesterday, killing at least five people and wounding him and about a dozen other Palestinians, medics said. 
0	Rebels Explode Two Bombs in Katmandu (AP) AP - Suspected rebels shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Katmandu on Friday as the guerrilla blockade of the Nepali capital entered its third day. No one was injured in the explosions.
0	Burundi police fire tear gas at massacre protest BUJUMBURA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Police in Burundi #39;s capital Bujumbura fired tear gas at crowds on Wednesday, protesting against the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a United Nations refugee camp in the west of the country. 
2	Stocks End Week on High Note Despite rising oil prices, US stocks this week had their biggest rally since October, as investors reacted to some positive economic indicators, the easing of tensions in Iraq and 
0	Flash flood in Cornwall leaves villagers missing BOSCASTLE, England Rescue workers searched this coastal village in north Cornwall on Tuesday for missing persons after a flash flood sent a wall of water tearing through the picturesque tourist spot the day before. 
1	Yankees Blow Lead but Beat Twins 13-10 (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins.
1	Paint it bleak If the Rolling Stones were hired to write the theme song for this year's Red Sox, the group might overhaul one of their classics. Instead of  quot;Satisfaction, quot; they could go with  quot;Separation. quot; That's because no matter how hard they try, the Sox can't get no separation in their quest for the top spot in the wild-card race.
0	Jackson's Lavish Lifestyle Put on Display SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Michael Jackson's elegant home with its lavish playground for children was placed on display in a courtroom as defense attorneys showed a judge videotapes of a raid last year on the pop star's Neverland estate...
0	Nepalese struggle to break rebel hold on capital Essential supplies were being ferried into Kathmandu yesterday under the protection of military helicopters, after Maoist rebels cut off Nepal #39;s capital from the rest of the Himalayan kingdom for the fifth day.
2	Google Says IPO Auction Has Closed NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. said on Wednesday that the  auction has closed for its initial public offering.
0	Soldier dies as British troops clash with Sadr #39;s Basra army A BRITISH soldier was killed and at least one other injured during a fierce firefight with militia fighters in the southern Iraqi city of Basra yesterday. 
1	World champion Rossi set to dent Honda morale in Brno BRNO (Czech Republic): World champion Valentino Rossi is 22 points clear in the title race but the Yamaha rider will not be taking it easy at this weekends Czech Grand Prix.
1	Tigers Edge Mariners in 11 Wild Innings (AP) AP - Craig Monroe hit an RBI single with one out in the 11th inning, leading the Detroit Tigers to a wild 11-10 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.
1	Kenteris and Thanou Quit Games After an hour of interrogation by a three-man IOC disciplinary panel at the Hilton Hotel this morning, Kenteris emerged amid chaotic scenes to declare that in the national interest he would not be defending the 200metres title he won in Sydney four ...
1	New Jersey Nets Team Report - December 7 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets try for their third consecutive win this evening when they head to Cleveland to face LeBron James and the Cavaliers at Gund Arena.
2	Oil Prices Set Another Record ARIS, Aug. 18 - Oil prices climbed above \$47 a barrel today, setting yet another record, after figures showed supplies in the United States were down for a third consecutive week while a report from OPEC highlighted the threat of high oil ...
2	Mobile Boohoo for Sohu Chinese net stock Sohu.com (Nasdaq: SOHU) dropped by 10 on Friday after the company announced that its multimedia messaging services with China Mobile Communication had been temporarily suspended for a year. The sanctions were ...
1	Red Sox Top White Sox Manny Ramirez homered and drove in five runs as the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10-7 Saturday for their fifth straight win.
2	O #39;Hare Set to Lose 37 Daily Arrivals Federal officials announced an agreement Wednesday to ease congestion at O #39;Hare International Airport by temporarily cutting 37 daily peak-hour arrivals by United Airlines and American Airlines, its two largest carriers. 
1	Vendt's quest quashed ATHENS -- Erik Vendt's Olympics ended in the morning yesterday, when he ran out of gas in the preliminaries and failed to qualify for tonight's final of the 1,500-meter freestyle, where he's the world bronze medalist.
0	Cleric Tells Militia to Turn Over Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (AP) - An aide to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said the militant leader instructed his followers late Thursday to turn over the keys of the revered Shiite shrine they were hiding in to top religious ...
0	Guantanamo Prisoner Goes Before Tribunal (AP) AP - A U.S. military panel heard the case Wednesday of a Guantanamo Bay prisoner accused of fighting for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime, as a U.S. judge ordered the government to release records of alleged prisoner abuse at the American base.
0	Salvadoran Prison Riot Kills at Least 20 Prisoners, EFE Reports August 18 (Bloomberg) -- A prison riot in the Central American nation of El Salvador killed at least 20 prisoners and wounded another 30, the Spanish news agency EFE reported, citing prosecutors. 
1	NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth  time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St  Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National  League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
2	U.K.'s NHS taps Gartner to help plan \$9B IT overhaul LONDON -- The U.K.'s National Health Service (NHS) has tapped IT researcher Gartner Inc. to provide market intelligence services as the health organization forges ahead with a mammoth, 5 billion (\$9.2 billion) project to upgrade its information technology infrastructure.
1	Swimming: Shibata Wins Women's 800m Freestyle ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's Ai Shibata prevailed in a sprint  finish to win the women's 800 meter freestyle gold medal at the  Athens Games Friday.
2	Costco Tests Casket Market NEW YORK (Reuters) - From the cradle to the grave. You can buy baby food, groceries, computers, furniture and a whole host of things at Costco -- now you can even find caskets at some of its stores. 
0	Paris Remembers Jewish Detention Camp (AP) AP - A celebration marking Paris' 60th anniversary of its liberation from Nazi Germany is planned next week. But nothing official was planned for a more somber anniversary Wednesday  #151; the liberation of a Jewish detention camp outside Paris that ended one of the most shameful episodes in modern French history.
2	Parmalat sues ex-auditors Deloitte, Grant Thornton MILAN, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Parmalat sued its former auditors Deloitte  amp; Touche and Grant Thornton on Wednesday, broadening a legal battle to claw back billions of euros from ex-allies the food group says helped drive it into ...
0	S.Korea's Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father's Past SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea's ruling Uri  Party resigned Thursday, an unexpected first casualty of  President Roh Moo-hyun's call for an inquiry into who benefited  from working with Korea's Japanese colonial rulers.
1	Phelps #146;s quest for 8 golds goes under ATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in the 100-meter butterfly. Then world record-holder Brendan Hansen was caught by Japan's Kosuke Kitajima in the 100 breaststroke. Finally, the men's 4 x 100 freestyle relay finished third behind South Africa and the ...
0	Burundi Army Says Might Enter Congo After Massacre (Reuters) Reuters - The Burundian army said on Tuesday it\might cross into neighboring Congo to pursue rebels and militia\it blames for massacring 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees at a camp\in western Burundi.
1	Coyotes re-sign RW Johnson to three-year deal ----------------------------------------------- GLENDALE, Arizona (Ticker) - Mike Johnson missed most of last season after undergoing shoulder surgery, but that didn #39;t stop the Phoenix Coyotes from giving him the veteran right wing a three-year contract ...
0	Braves Edge Dodgers 6-5 LOS ANGELES - Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth inning, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-5 Thursday night.    In a matchup of division leaders, the Dodgers had scored twice in the eighth to tie it 5-5...
0	Hurricane Victims Wait for Food and Water PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Driven from splintered trailers, roofless condos and powerless suburban homes, Hurricane Charley's hungry victims sweated through long lines Monday to find food, showers and drinking water three days after the storm left their lives in shambles...
0	U.S. Forces Keep Sh'ite Militants Guessing NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces appeared to keep Sh'ite  militants guessing in the city of Najaf overnight, firing off  sporadic rounds as a military aircraft flew overhead.
0	25 arrested ahead of Karzais visit ISLAMABAD: Twenty-five people were arrested in raids at Afghan slums on the outskirts of Islamabad on Sunday and illegal weapons were seized from them, police said.
0	Burundi, Rwanda threaten Congo invasion BUJUMBURA, Burundi -- Burundi and Rwanda threatened yesterday to send soldiers into neighboring Congo to hunt down Hutu extremists responsible for slaughtering more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees at a UN camp in Burundi -- deployments that could reignite a regional conflict in this part of Africa.
0	Kerry Camp Makes Video to Defuse Attacks (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry's campaign released a video Saturday comparing the controversy over Kerry's Vietnam service to attacks on John McCain during the 2000 Republican primaries.
0	Shaukat Aziz wins byelection, clears way to become Pakistan's prime minister (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FATEH JANG, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistan's finance minister took an important step toward becoming the new prime minister by easily winning two byelections that give him a seat in parliament, a prerequisite for the post, state-run television reported Thursday. Opposition groups insisted the vote was rigged.
0	Iraqi Minister Sets New Deadline For Al-Sadr 19 August 2004 -- An Iraqi government official has said a military offensive against Shi #39;ite militiamen loyal to Shi #39;a cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the holy city of Al-Najaf will begin in  quot;hours quot; unless they disarm. 
"2	Sysco Profit Rises; Sales Volume Flat CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sysco Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;SYY.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  distributor of food to restaurants and hospitals, on Monday  said quarterly profit rose as an extra week in the period and  cost control measures helped offset the higher food prices that  were slowing demand."
1	Harmison takes eight, England near clean sweep LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took eight wickets against a hapless West Indies to leave England in sight of a seventh successive victory on day two of the fourth test at the Oval on Friday. 
2	US Airways Chairman: Liquidation Possible (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc.'s (UAIR.O)\chairman said employees must agree to  #36;800 million in new wage\and benefit cuts within 30 days or the airline might be\liquidated, the New York Times said on Thursday, citing an\interview with Chairman David Bronner.
0	Politician #39;s arrest stirs suspicions in Hong Kong BEIJING - The arrest of a Hong Kong pro-democracy candidate in mainland China on charges of soliciting a prostitute touched off a media furor in the former British colony yesterday and fueled suspicion that Beijing was trying to influence ...
0	U.S. Aircraft Pound Shi'ite Rebels in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. aircraft, apparently AC-130\gunships, pounded positions held by Shi'ite militiamen in the\Iraqi holy city of Najaf Thursday and large orange multiple\flashes lit the night sky.
0	9/11 Commission Details Lax U.S. Controls (AP) AP - A new report from the now-defunct Sept. 11 commission details the lax controls on immigration and customs that the hijackers exploited to carry out their plot.
0	Four people injured in bomb explosions in Spain Four people were wounded on Saturday when two bombs exploded at the tourist localities of Sanjenjo and Baiona, in Galicia, north Spain.
0	Powell calls Russian FM over Georgian conflict WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- US Secretary of State Colin Powell has called Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov over the conflict in Georgia #39;s breakaway region of South Ossetia, State Department deputy spokesman Adam Ereli said on Tuesday. 
2	Mixed response to strike  AIMTC rebuts Govt claims Trucks parked at Yashwanthpur in Bangalore on Saturday following the indefinite strike called by the All-India Motor Transport Congress.
1	Packers-Seahawks scoring summary FIRST QUARTER: K Ryan Longwell 47-yard field goal at 9:03. Key plays: QB Brett Favre opened the drive with a 7-yard pass to WR Donald Driver to GB 39. RB Ahman Green 3-yard run, plus 5-yard facemask penalty on Seattle moved ball to GB 47. Favre 11-yard ...
0	31 inmates die, dozens wounded at overcrowded Salvadoran facility SAN SALVADOR, EL SALVADOR - Rival inmates fought each other with knives and sticks Wednesday at a San Salvador jail, leaving at least 31 inmates dead and two dozen injured, officials said. 
"2	Lowe's Net Income Up 18 Percent ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's second  largest home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18  percent increase in second-quarter net income and said earnings  for the rest of the year would top analysts' estimates."
0	Clashes break out in Najaf, but government says it hopes to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Abdul Hussein Al-Obeidi, Associated Press, 8/22/2004 15:32. NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf #39;s Old City on Sunday in a fierce battle between US forces and Shiite militants, as negotiations 
1	NL Wrap: Bonds Homers Again as Giants Rout Expos SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds hit his third home  run in two days to help the San Francisco Giants earn a split  of their doubleheader with a 14-4 win over the Montreal Expos  on Wednesday.
1	Are England fans are changing their Toon? IN a desperate attempt to spark some public interest in an England team that appears to be quickly losing its appeal, Sven-Gran Eriksson announced his starting line-up for the friendly against Ukraine at St James #39; Park a day earlier than expected. 
0	Palestinians in Israeli Jails Start Hunger Strike RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinian  prisoners in Israeli jails began a hunger strike for better  conditions on Sunday, but Israel's security minister said he  didn't care if they starved to death.
"0	Error Puts Kennedy on Airline No-Fly List (AP) AP - The Senate Judiciary Committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the problems with airline """"no fly"""" watch lists. Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., says he had a close encounter with the lists when trying to take the U.S. Airways shuttle out of Washington to Boston. The ticket agent wouldn't let him on the plane. His name was on the list in error."
0	Georgia Announces Troop Pullback in Rebel Region Georgia said on Friday its troops had withdrawn after seizing strategic ground in a rebel territory, in a move sure to be welcomed by Washington alarmed at a drift toward war in an economically vital region.
0	Americans Miss Cut in 100-Meter Freestyle ATHENS, Greece - Top American sprinters Jason Lezak and Ian Crocker missed the cut in the Olympic 100-meter freestyle preliminaries Tuesday, a stunning blow for a country that had always done well in the event.    Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands and Australian Ian Thorpe advanced to the evening semifinal a day after dueling teenager Michael Phelps in the 200 freestyle, won by Thorpe...
1	USC Begins Season Where It Ended, at No. 1 (AP) AP - Southern California will begin defense of its first national title in 31 years as the No. 1 team in the nation. The Trojans earned the top spot in the preseason Associated Press poll released Saturday by receiving 48 of 65 first-place votes and 1,603 points.
0	Explosion in Hamas Man's Home in Gaza Kills 4 GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a  senior Hamas leader in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least four  people and wounding him and about a dozen other Palestinians,  medics said.
"0	Jury in Peterson Trial Gets Long Weekend REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Jurors in the Scott Peterson murder trial got an early start on their weekend when the judge delayed cross-examination of the prosecution's star witness, then sent them home because of what he described as a """"potential development.""""   Judge Alfred A..."
0	French reporters vanish in Iraq Two veteran French journalists have gone missing in Iraq as concern mounts over the fate of an Italian reporter. George Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper and Christian Chesnot of French radio have not been 
0	Israel Ends West Bank Construction Freeze JERUSALEM - The Israeli government issued bids Tuesday for 1,000 new homes in Jewish West Bank settlements, insisting the construction has Washington's tacit approval even though it violates a U.S.-backed peace plan.    U.S...
0	25 dead in Venezuela military plane crash CARACAS : A military airplane crashed in a mountainous region in northeastern Venezuela killing all 25 passengers, a spokesman for the air rescue service told AFP.
0	Israeli court orders reply for Hague JERUSALEM The Israeli Supreme Court ordered the government to produce a statement in the next 30 days that assesses the ramifications of a nonbinding ruling by the International Court of Justice in the Hague that declared the Israeli security barrier ...
0	Princess Anne in Cyprus to encourage Olympic competitors (AFP) AFP - Princess Anne was in Cyprus to pay a royal morale-boosting visit to Britain's Olympic athletes training on the Mediterranean island before heading off to the Athens Games.
0	'Mock executions' for UK hostage The British journalist who was kidnapped in Iraq says he faced mock executions and tried to escape his captors.
2	Google IPO Set to Trade this Week On Monday, Google requested final approval from federal regulators to begin trading their stock. Google has asked that the SEC declare its registration statement effective as of 1 pm pacific time today. Google ...
1	Say slams teammates #39; relay effort ATHENS -- The meltdown continues in the pool for Canada #39;s swimmers. Only this time, it #39;s talk and not just times that are creating heat. Rick Say, who has posted Canada #39;s best individual showing in the pool with a sixth-place finish in the highly ...
0	Crews Rush to Hurricane-Ravaged Florida PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops scattered across Florida Monday to help residents rally from the brunt of Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the state in a dozen years...
0	Four Indonesian political parties form National Coalition JAKARTA Aug 19 - Four Indonesian political parties - Golkar, Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle (PDIP), United Development Party (PPP) and Peace and Prosperity Party (PDS) - declared a national coalition on Thursday in their bid to form a good ...
0	Indonesia #39;s Megawati unveils grand coalition JAKARTA, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri, fighting to win a fresh term, formally unveiled on Thursday a coalition of parties seeking to ensure she stays in power for the next five years. 
3	Cassini-Huygens discovers two new Saturnian moons The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft, a joint project of the US space administration (NASA), the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Italian space agency (ASI), has discovered two more small moons orbiting the planet Saturn, bringing the total to 33. 
2	Santos May Report 40 Drop in First-Half Profit as Output Fell Santos Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest natural gas producer, may report first-half profit fell 40 percent after a fire on New Year #39;s Day at its gas processing plant in central Australia cut production.
2	SEC Bars Mutual Fund Payoffs to Brokers WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission pushed ahead on Wednesday with reforms of the  \$7.5-trillion mutual fund industry amid scandals that have  shaken fund investors' confidence.
0	Grieving families cremate dead after Assam bombing (Reuters) Reuters - Grieving relatives on Monday cremated victims, mostly women and children, of a separatist bombing in northeastern India, while hundreds of angry people rallied against the rising bloodshed.
1	Zito Silences D-Rays' Bats in A's 5-0 Win (AP) AP - Barry Zito scattered four hits over eight shutout innings, leading the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 5-0 on Saturday night.
2	Woman claims Costco discriminates against female managers SAN FRANCISCO An assistant store manager at Costco filed a federal civil rights suit today in San Francisco. Shirley  quot;Rae quot; Ellis alleges she was passed over for a promotion because the retail chain #39;s policies discriminate against women. 
2	For the record Correction: Because of a reporting error, an article in yesterday's Nation pages incorrectly described a Bush campaign ad's accusation about John Kerry's role on the Senate Intelligence Committee in the 1990s. The ad accuses Kerry of having missed three-quarters of the committee's public hearings.
0	Arsenal gunning to equal unbeaten record and take on Europe (AFP) AFP - English Premiership champions Arsenal play their first home game of the new season against Middlesbrough hoping to extend their unbeaten run to 42 league games, equalling a 26-year-old record.
2	U.S. Execs Plan More Hiring - Survey (Reuters) Reuters - Most senior executives at large U.S.\companies plan to increase hiring and investments over the next\12 months amid growing optimism about the economy, according to\a survey by PricewaterhouseCoopers released on Thursday.
0	Analysis: Doctors a Part of Iraq Abuse LONDON - Doctors working for the U.S. military in Iraq collaborated with interrogators in the abuse of detainees at Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison, profoundly breaching medical ethics and human rights, a bioethicist charges in The Lancet medical journal...
0	Now free, Jenkins arrives to live on Japanese island with family US deserter and former Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins arrived Tuesday on a remote Japanese island, where he said he hoped to  quot;live my remaining days with my wife and children.
0	Arafat #39;s familiar words must lead to unfamiliar actions If there are any democratic  quot;T #39;s quot; to be crossed and  quot;I #39;s quot; to be dotted, Palestinian President Yasser Arafat did not leave one undone during his keynote speech to MPs at his West Bank headquarters in Ramallah. Arafat looked rejuvenated and emphatic as he ...
2	Medtronic Net Up on Higher ICD Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand\for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a\weaker-than-expected performance in some of its other\businesses.
0	Good Samaritans Aiding Hurricane Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Hundreds of local residents and some from across the nation have turned out to provide a vast array of free aid since Hurricane Charley ravaged the area on Aug...
0	Hamas Militants Kill Israeli Soldier Hamas militants killed an Israeli soldier and wounded four with an explosion in a booby-trapped chicken coop Tuesday, in what the Islamic group said was a scheme 
2	After Wait, Google Set for Market Debut NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. will make their Nasdaq stock market debut on Thursday, with some market participants expecting a steady start or slight rise after the company #39;s initial public offering priced far below original estimates. 
1	Van Den Hoogenband and Popov Out of 50m Freestyle ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic 100 meters freestyle champion  Pieter van den Hoogenband and world champion Alexander Popov  were both eliminated in the heats of the men's 50 meters  freestyle in a major shock in the Olympic swimming pool on  Thursday.
"0	Kerry defends Vietnam record, challenges Bush (AFP) AFP - Democratic Senator John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of using a front group to do the """"dirty work"""" of attacking his Vietnam War record."
2	Costco employee claims retailer discriminates against women SAN FRANCISCO - An assistant manager at a Costco store filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday accusing the retailer of not promoting her because she #39;s a woman. 
0	Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal A kidnapped American journalist was released Sunday after the intervention of the cleric Moktada al-Sadr, even as his Shiite militia engaged 
0	Latham to be released from hospital Mr Latham is due to leave St Vincent #39;s hospital in Sydney after being treated for pancreatitis. Mr Latham says he is feeling much better and expects to be back at work next week. 
1	Australian Newbery wins women #39;s platform Olympic gold Chantelle Newbery won Australia #39;s first gold medal in diving since 1924 Sunday night, easily holding off China #39;s Lao Lishi and Aussie teammate Loudy Tourky in women #39;s 10-meter platform.
0	FEC Says Corzine Can Give Unlimited Funds (AP) AP - Wealthy members of Congress can give unlimited amounts of their own money to groups for get-out-the-vote drives even though they are barred from raising big checks for their campaigns or others, election officials said Thursday.
0	Standoff Continues with Militant Cleric in Najaf Fighting continues in Najaf even though Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has made a final call to Shi #39;ite militants to lay down their weapons and leave the holy Imam Ali shrine in Najaf. Militants threaten to kill a Turkish hostage and missing American ...
0	Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment WASHINGTON - Two Army divisions will return to the United States from Germany as part of a global military restructuring that President Bush says will bring up to 70,000 American troops home in the next decade.    Pentagon officials said Monday the 1st Armored Division and 1st Infantry Division probably won't start leaving their bases in Germany until 2006 at the earliest...
2	Google and founders will profit from IPO despite controversies As reports FinanceGates.com, the largest Web search engine Google Inc. is going to reach \$1.67 billion in its initial public offering on Thursday selling 19.6 million shares at \$85 each. Still, analysts consider shares to be overpriced. 
0	Iraqi Peace Mission in Najaf; Baghdad Blast Kills 7 NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious  leaders trying to end a radical Shi'ite uprising flew into  Najaf Tuesday, where U.S. troops and militia fought pitched  battles near the country's holiest Islamic sites.
0	Fischer fails to halt deportation A court in Japan rejects former chess champion Bobby Fischer's request to halt \his deportation to the US.
0	Americans Falter in 100M Freestyle Prelims ATHENS, Greece - Top American sprinters Jason Lezak and Ian Crocker missed the cut in the Olympic 100-meter freestyle preliminaries Tuesday, a stunning blow for a country that had always done well in the event.    Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands and Australian Ian Thorpe advanced to the evening semifinal a day after dueling teenager Michael Phelps in the 200 freestyle, won by Thorpe...
0	Sadr agrees to end Najaf crisis: Iraqi delegates BAGHDAD, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said on Wednesday that radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to government demands to end the crisis in the holy city of Najaf, 160 km south of ...
0	Australia #39;s Labor Leader Latham Hospitalized With Pancreatitis Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- The leader of Australia #39;s main opposition Labor Party, Mark Latham, has been hospitalized with pancreatitis, according to a statement released by his party. 
2	Santander May Drop Abbey on Competition Inquiry, Telegraph Says Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, may drop its 8.2 billion (\$14.9 billion) offer to buy Abbey National Plc if rival bids lead to a long competition 
0	Najaf Fighting Flares; Sadr Forces Hold Shrine Description: US forces clash again in Najaf with fighters loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. Efforts by the Iraqi government to reach a disarmament deal with Sadr are at an impasse, and his forces continue to hold the Imam Ali shrine.
1	West Indies Hold Up England March James Anderson took both wickets to fall as England were met with West Indian defiance on the third day of the final Test at the Oval.
0	Court to Consider Yukos' Plea on Tax Bill (AP) AP - A Russian court on Tuesday was to consider the beleaguered Yukos oil company's appeal to suspend government efforts to collect  #36;3.4 billion in back taxes  #151; a massive bill that has put Russia's largest oil producer on the verge of ruin.
0	Australian opposition leader to leave hospital SYDNEY: Mark Latham, leader of Australia #39;s opposition Labor party, will leave hospital today and plans to be back at work next week after suffering an inflammation of the pancreas just months out from a general election. 
0	Confusion Surrounds Seizure of Iraqi Mosque NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - The fate of a radical Shi'ite  rebellion in the holy city of Najaf was uncertain Friday amid  disputed reports that Iraqi police had gained control of the  Imam Ali Mosque.
0	Border Patrol Training Moves Near Mexico (AP) AP - Incoming Border Patrol agents will train closer to the U.S.-Mexican border when the federal government relocates their academy to Artesia, N.M., Customs and Border Protection announced Thursday.
2	Court rules two software firms not liable for file-share claims San Francisco (AP) -- Grokster Ltd. and StreamCast Networks Inc. are not liable for the swapping of copyright content through their file-sharing software, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday in a blow to movie studios and record labels. 
1	US wings it in Caribbean For the bulk of the 89 minutes that the US National Team went without a goal against an inspired Jamaican side, chances were created -- some of the golden opportunity nature -- but none were converted. And it nearly put the Americans behind the proverbial ...
2	Italy's Parmalat sues ex-auditors Parmalat issues proceedings against its ex-auditors over their dealings with the insolvent group before its near collapse
1	Cink putts his way to 5-shot lead Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole yesterday for a 2-under-par 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
0	Welsh to ban strippers in limousines (Reuters) Reuters - Strippers and pole dancers should be banned from performing in stretch limousines, according to a\British report.
1	Coyotes Re-Sign Right Wing Mike Johnson (AP) AP - The Phoenix Coyotes re-signed right wing Mike Johnson on Tuesday to a three-year contract.
1	Indians Call Up Righty Fernando Cabrera (AP) AP - The Cleveland Indians called up right-hander Fernando Cabrera from Triple-A Buffalo on Wednesday.
0	Rebel in Najaf Sends Messages of Conciliation Moktada al-Sadr suggested he would vacate the shrine in Najaf, disband the Mahdi Army and transform it into a political party.
1	Swimming: Shibata Joins Japanese Gold Rush ATHENS (Reuters) - Ai Shibata wore down French teen-ager  Laure Manaudou to win the women's 800 meters freestyle gold  medal at the Athens Olympics Friday and provide Japan with  their first female swimming champion in 12 years.
2	UAL, creditors agree to extend exclusivity 30 days CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - UAL Corp. #39;s (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) United Airlines on Friday said it has agreed with its creditors committee to a 30-day extension on the period in which it can file an exclusive bankruptcy reorganization plan. 
2	Nordstrom profit soars in quarter, but not enough for Wall St. Nordstrom reported a strong second-quarter profit as it continued to select more relevant inventory and sell more items at full price. 
1	Hewitt goes through in Washington Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla.
1	Utah's Smith Sets Sights on Heisman Award (AP) AP - So much has changed in Alex Smith's life the past two years, he's still trying to sort through it all.
0	Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title ATHENS, Greece - After falling onto the edge of the judges' table on the landing of his vault, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men's all-around gymnastics title by the closest Olympic margin ever.    Needing a 9.825 on high bar, his best event, to tie Kim Dae-eun of South Korea for gold, Hamm was dazzling...
1	Toronto Raptors Sign Center Loren Woods (AP) AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
2	Update 2: Swisscom Confirms May Merge With Firm Telecommunications companies Swisscom AG and Telekom Austria AG are in talks over a possible merger, Swisscom said. 
2	Surviving the IPO From Hell Months ago, when the idea of Google #39;s inevitable IPO could be discussed by its leaders only in hypothetical terms, cofounders Larry Page and Sergey Brin were trying to explain 
0	Kathmandu hit by  #39;rebel #39; blasts Suspected Maoist rebels in Nepal have set off two bombs in Kathmandu, on the third day of a blockade of the capital. 
2	Parks Canada sends managers from Ottawa to Alberta to help during &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANFF, Alta. (CP) - Parks Canada brass from Ottawa are trading their three-piece suits for park uniforms to help relieve managers in Alberta who have been working without a break since a strike began over a week ago.
1	Braves Edge Dodgers 6-5 (AP) AP - Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth inning, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-5 Thursday night.
0	Stranded Afghan Refugees Find a Home in Canada TORONTO -- Habibullah Abdul Ghafar is drinking black tea and resting after arriving in Canada from Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian country where he and his family were stranded as refugees. Inside his one-bedroom apartment on the east side of Toronto, the furniture is sparse. A sofa, chair and kitchen table the Canadian government gave them line the room.
0	India urges Bangladesh not to kill stray elephants (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities in northeast India urged Bangladesh on Monday not to kill about 100 wild elephants that have strayed across the border and gone on a rampage, killing 13 people and injuring dozens more.
0	G.O.P. Vows to Offer Detailed Agenda at Its Convention Republicans also said they would seek to turn any disruptions at the convention to their advantage, by portraying protests as Democratic-sanctioned displays of disrespect for a sitting president.
2	New Blast Rocks Texas Natural Gas Unit HOUSTON (Reuters) - A new explosion rocked an underground  natural gas storage site early Friday, sending a fireball into  the sky and prompting the evacuation of homes near the blaze,  which has raged since early Thursday.
1	Aussie equestrian hopes end in sixth Australia #39;s dreams of an historic fourth successive three-day eventing gold medal ended in disappointment but there was still joy for the team when Andrew Hoy #39;s wife won dual gold medals. 
"0	Bush's Nephew Rips Armed Border Guards (AP) AP - President Bush's nephew, campaigning for overseas votes in Mexico on Saturday, called the federal policy of arming U.S. Border Patrol agents with plastic pellet guns """"reprehensible."
0	Rwanda Troops Start AU Mission in Darfur EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Rwandan troops arrived in  Darfur Sunday as the first foreign force there, mandated to  protect observers monitoring a shaky cease-fire between the  Sudanese government and rebels in the remote western region.
0	Terror suspect killed during interrogation in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- A Pakistani religious leader, allegedly linked with the al-Qaeda terrorist network, has died here in police custody, local media reported Thursday. 
2	Bank of America Plans Big Layoffs -Paper (Reuters) Reuters - Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N), plans\on Wednesday to lay off hundreds of tellers and other employees\at Fleet bank branches, and ask them to leave immediately, the\Boston Globe said on Wednesday, citing documents it obtained\and Fleet branch managers.
1	Agassi waltzes into Washington quarter-finals Top-seed Andre Agassi easily advanced to the quarter-finals of the Washington ATP tournament overnight, with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless. 
1	True Sensation Wins A Wet One at Pimlico BALTIMORE, Aug. 14 -- Even before Hurricane Charley ranged up the East Coast and began to drop its drizzle on Pimlico Race Course, the \$75,000 All Brandy Stakes for Maryland-bred fillies and mares had been taken off the track's beat-up turf course.
0	India makes elephants appeal Indian asks Bangladesh to spare the lives of around 100 elephants which have strayed across the border.
0	The Geisha Stylist Who Let His Hair Down Here in the Gion geisha district of Japan's ancient capital, even one bad hair day can cost a girl her career. So it is no wonder that Tetsuo Ishihara is the man with the most popular hands in town.
0	Iraqi Peace Mission Snubbed by Rebel Cleric Sadr NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Tuesday refused to meet an Iraqi peace delegation because of  quot;American aggression quot; as US troops pounded militia positions in Najaf near the country #39;s holiest Islamic sites. 
0	Rebels in Nepal Kill Policeman as the Capital Endures a Siege Suspected insurgents shot dead a policeman on Saturday in Katmandu, Nepal #39;s capital, as the military said it could escort food shipments into the city to ease a blockade inspired by antigovernment guerrillas.
0	Venezuelans Throng to Polls in Chavez Referendum CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back his mandate to govern the world's  No. 5 oil exporter for the next two years.
"0	Bush Pressing Case for 'Ownership Society' WASHINGTON - Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an """"ownership society"""" in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.    His platform includes initiatives to help people buy homes, start businesses, hone job skills and set up tax-free retirement and health care accounts - plus a still unspecified tax-code overhaul..."
0	Moldovan summertime 'Love Under a Lime Tree' sets European hips swinging (AFP) AFP - Europe's youth has been singing in Romanian this summer thanks to a Moldovan boys band that has swept to the top of the charts across the continent.
0	Opp will be taken along on all issues: Shaukat ISLAMABAD: Newly elected member of the National Assembly and prime minister-designate, Shaukat Aziz, said on Thursday that Mr Aziz said the government would make sure the opposition stayed abreast of it on all important national issues. 
0	Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf in a step aimed at ending the 2-week-old uprising centered on the holy site.    Al-Sadr's followers remained in control of the walled shrine compound, but kept their guns outside...
0	Maoist rebels cut off Kathmandu Maoist rebels yesterday cut off routes into the Nepalese capital Kathmandu in their first blockade of the city since they launched their insurgency to overthrow the constitutional monarchy eight years ago. 
"0	Fighting Rages in Najaf After Peace Bid Fails NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting broke out between  U.S. troops and Shi'ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf,  where Iraq's interim defense minister said he expected a  """"decisive battle"""" to take place on Wednesday."
0	Thousands Registered to Vote in 2 States-Report (Reuters) Reuters - About 46,000 people are registered to\vote in two states, New York and Florida, a violation of both\states' laws that could affect the outcome of the November\presidential election, according to an investigation by the\Daily News.
0	Former Swift Boat Commander Backs Kerry on Vietnam (Reuters) Reuters - A journalist who commanded a boat\alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on\Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate\against Republican critics of his military service and\integrity.
1	For Revolution, this tie looks good WASHINGTON -- Rookie Andy Dorman didn't even have time to get his white, long-sleeved jersey smudged on the sloppy RFK Stadium field last night before salvaging a 2-2 tie for the Revolution against D.C. United. Fifty-five seconds after entering the game as a late substitute, Dorman buried a low shot from inside the penalty area and extended his team's unbeaten ...
0	Eta rebels explode peace hopes ETA triggered a series of explosions across Spain yesterday in a show of force by a faction within the Basque terrorist organisation opposed to a peace deal with the Socialist Government.
0	Police Killed in Pre-Poll Chechnya Attacks -- Agency MOSCOW (Reuters) - Gunmen attacked a police station and  voting centers in Russia's war-torn Chechnya, killing at least  11 people, Interfax news agency said Saturday.
1	Hungarian fencing referee suspended for two years A Hungarian fencing referee was expelled from the Olympics and suspended for two years Sunday after making several errors during Saturday night #39;s gold-medal match in men #39;s team foil.
0	Bombings Hit Kathmandu, as Blockade Starts to Affect Prices The Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, has been hit by bomb blasts on the third day of a blockade called by Maoist rebels. Nepalese business leaders are calling for a cease-fire between the government and the rebels. 
2	DaVita ready to expand dialysis services with \$3 billion deal US dialysis company DaVita Inc., a major employer in Pierce County, is poised to buy a Swedish health care companys dialysis operations in a \$3 billion deal, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
2	Medical Stocks Up 2.8 Percent on Week Medical-related stocks largely closed up Friday afternoon as Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. bought a sizable chunk of Cyberonics Inc.
0	Hungarian Parliament to Elect Premier on Sept. 6, Kovacs Says Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Hungary #39;s parliament will elect a new prime minister on Sept. 6 to succeed Peter Medgyessy, who is quitting after the junior coalition partner withdrew its confidence, outgoing Socialist Chairman Laszlo Kovacs said on state ...
0	Efforts underway to hold Korean crisis talks: US (AFP) AFP - Diplomatic efforts are underway to hold a preparatory meeting for the six-party talks aimed at ending the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula, the US State Department said.
2	Parmalat Adds CSFB to Banks Being Sued MILAN (Reuters) - Parmalat on Thursday fired off the latest  lawsuit in its bid to recover billions of euros from banks that  did deals with the now insolvent dairy group, suing CSFB for  about 250 million euros.
1	High Expectations a New Feeling at Cal (AP) AP - A short walk around the California campus this summer was all Geoff McArthur needed as proof of how much Golden Bears football has changed since his freshman year. A program that won only one game in 2001 and has the longest Rose Bowl drought of any Big Ten or Pac-10 team is finally getting noticed at a school more known for its protests than its passing.
1	Nallen Loses in Playoff TUCSON, Ariz. (ussid) Former University of Arizona men #39;s golfer Chris Nallen lost in 19 holes in the semifinals of match play at the 2004 United States Amateur Championship Saturday at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY.
0	U.S. Tanks Move Toward Najaf Shrine, Clashes Kill 40 NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. tanks rumbled to within 800  meters (yards) of a holy shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf on  Sunday as fierce clashes with Shi'ite rebels in a nearby town  killed at least 40 Iraqis, officials said.
1	Upbeat De Bruijn Fastest in 50 Freestyle Heats ATHENS (Reuters) - Inge de Bruijn, two of her three Olympic  titles already lost, showed her determination to cling on to  the last when she posted the fastest time in the 50 meters  freestyle heats in Athens on Friday.
"2	Stocks Near Flat as Oil Price Hits Record NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Friday as investors worried high crude prices will hurt the  economy and corporate profits, but oil production companies  like Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt; and ChevronTexaco Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;CVX.N&lt;/A&gt;  got a boost as the price of crude inched toward \$50 per barrel."
0	Najaf, Scarred by Urban Warfare, Prepares for More (Reuters) Reuters - If U.S. and Iraqi troops launch a\major assault on radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr's militants,\they will have to pass through sniper-infested streets to root\them out of a mosque they can't afford to harm.
2	Kazaa owner takes heart from US copyright ruling Sharman Networks, parent company of the peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing software Kazaa, is rejoicing at the US court ruling that found two similar P2P programs, Grokster and Morpheus, do not violate US copyright law. However, the company concedes that the ...
0	U.S.: Al-Sadr Withdrawal Would Be Welcome (AP) AP - The Bush administration reacted suspiciously Wednesday to reports that the radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr had accepted a peace plan to end fighting in Najaf.
0	Concerns detailed on climate change COPENHAGEN -- Rising sea levels, disappearing glaciers in the Alps, and more deadly heat waves are coming for Europeans because of global warming, Europe's environmental agency warned yesterday. The European Environment Agency said much more needs to be done -- and fast. Climate change  quot;will considerably affect our societies and environments for decades and centuries to come, quot; its 107-page report ...
"2	United Airlines Likely to Terminate Pension Plans The cash-strapped airline said in a bankruptcy court filing today that it """"likely"""" will be necessary to terminate and replace its employee pension plans."
0	Militants in video threaten to kill journalist BAGHDAD -- A militant group said it has kidnapped a missing Western journalist with Boston-area ties and would kill him if US forces did not leave the holy Shi'ite city of Najaf within 48 hours, Al-Jazeera reported yesterday.
1	Ching gains repemption, his goal in 89th minute earning 1-1 qualifying draw in Jamaica. KINGSTON, Jamaica (Wednesday, August 18, 2004) -- Brian Ching was not one to waste a second chance. The reserve striker, who earlier missed an opportunity to tie the game with a point-blank header, made no mistake when he drove home a close-in shot in the ...
1	Rolen #39;s 31st HR gives Cards 3-0 lead Despite piling up impressive offensive numbers, the St. Louis Cardinals aren #39;t ready to bask in their success just yet. The Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-6 on Saturday night, moving 
0	Two bombs explode in Spain's northwest, ETA suspected (AFP) AFP - Two bombs exploded in two coastal towns in northwestern Spain, after an anonymous tip-off by a caller claiming to belong to the Basque separatist organization ETA, an interior ministry spokesman told AFP.
0	Calls for Sadr militia to disarm NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq #39;s Defence Ministry has ordered Shi #39;ite militiamen in Najaf to immediately lay down their weapons and leave a holy shrine in the city. 
0	Georgian, South Ossitian Forces Continue Fighting Officials in Georgia say at least two soldiers have been killed and five wounded in the latest battles with separatist fighters in the breakaway region of South Ossetia. 
0	Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Fall NEW YORK - Stocks moved slightly higher Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, helped in afternoon trading by falling oil prices that had earlier reached new highs and flirted with \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$48.15, down 55 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after hitting a record intraday high earlier in the session at \$49.40...
"2	Anadarko to Sell Gulf Assets for \$1.3 Bln NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anadarko Petroleum Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;APC.N&lt;/A&gt; has  agreed to sell oil properties in the Gulf of Mexico to Apache  Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;APA.N&lt;/A&gt; and a royalty interest to Morgan Stanley Capital  Group Inc. for a total of \$1.31 billion as part of its plan to  slash debt and buy back stock, the company said on Friday."
1	England soon lose opener Strauss LONDON, England (Reuters) -- England lost opener Andrew Strauss as they reached 53 for one at lunch on the first day of the fourth and final test against West Indies at The Oval. 
1	Mets Open Doubleheader With Victory Mike Cameron homered and drove in four runs, and Kris Benson pitched six solid innings to lead the Mets past Colorado.
2	Update 14: Google Lowers Its IPO Price Range In a sign that Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering isn #39;t as popular as expected, the Internet search giant lowered its estimated price range to between \$85 and \$95 per share, down from its earlier prediction of \$108 and \$135 per share. 
0	Grenades kill 18 at Dhaka rally Police and paramilitary are patrolling the streets of the Bangladeshi capital after several grenades exploded near former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as she spoke at a party rally Saturday, killing at least 18 people and 
0	U.S. Troops Clash with Shi'ite Militia in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops clashed with Shi'ite\militiamen in Najaf on Saturday, interrupting a day of relative\calm in the holy city with the sound of mortar,\rocket-propelled grenade and machinegun fire, witnesses said.
0	Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa ROME -- Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime Minister Tony Blair finished a visit there with the Italian leader. 
0	Burundi Urges Sanctions on Rebels Over Massacre DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Burundi will urge regional leaders at a summit on Wednesday to impose sanctions against the rebel Hutu Forces for National Liberation (FNL), blamed for the slaughter of more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees in ...
0	Georgia Forces Announce Big Gain Over Separatists TBILISI, Georgia (Reuters) - Georgian forces seized  strategic heights from separatist fighters in rebel South  Ossetia Thursday and President Mikhail Saakashvili promised  more such victories to fulfill a pledge to reunite his  fractious country.
0	Chirac and Schroeder to meet with Putin MOSCOW, Aug 18 (AFP) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and French President Jacques Chirac will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin at his Black Sea resort residence at the end of the month, Interfax quoted the top Kremlin spokesman as saying ...
2	Airfares to rise as cost of fuel reaches record Air passengers are set to pay for record oil prices as airlines move to increase ticket prices. Qantas said yesterday it would increase the fuel surcharge it includes in the cost of tickets and Air New Zealand is expected to follow. 
0	Australian opposition pulls ahead in close election race, polls show (AFP) AFP - Australia's opposition has clawed back a potentially election-winning lead, boosted by its insistence on extra protection for cheap prescription medicines, two new polls showed.
"2	Applied Materials Returns to Profit SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Applied Materials Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;,  the largest maker of chip-making tools, on Tuesday said healthy  spending on new semiconductor factories more than doubled  revenue and returned it to a quarterly profit."
"2	SEC Seen Making Google IPO Effective WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is expected to declare the initial public offering  registration of Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GOOG.OQ&lt;/A&gt; effective after 4 p.m.  (2000 GMT), sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday."
0	Bomb Is Defused Near a Villa Where Berlusconi Met With Blair OME, Aug. 18 - The police defused a bomb early Wednesday morning in Porto Rotondo, Sardinia, the town where hours earlier Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had entertained the British prime minister, Tony Blair, and his wife, Cherie. 
0	Huge boost to Darfur aid effort The World Food Programme is starting to airlift almost 100 more tons of food a day to Sudan's troubled Darfur region.
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move  that drew a cautious response on Tuesday from Washington.
1	Cink leads from Woods after second round of NEC Ryder Cup captain #39;s pick Stewart Cink continued his assault on the \$7 million NEC Invitational after completing his rain-delayed second round in two-under-par 68 on Saturday.
2	Web giant Google cuts IPO prices GOOGLE, the web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between 47 and 52 per share from 59 to 74 per share. 
0	Iran's Bushehr Atomic Power Plant Faces More Delays TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday announced a further  substantial delay in the long overdue project to complete its  first nuclear power plant, part of a program which Washington  says could be used to make atomic arms.
1	American fouls out OLYMPIA, Greece - When this whole Olympic thing started, the winner of its single event, a 210-yard sprint, would have his name used to identify the Games rather than the year. For instance, 776 BC was the Coroibos Games because ...
0	Food crisis worsens in North Korea BEIJING The collapse of North Korea #39;s economy has caused food prices there to skyrocket and created new groups of people who cannot afford to buy what they need to live, the World Food Program said on Wednesday. 
0	Burundi Army Says Might Enter Congo After Massacre BUJUMBURA (Reuters) - The Burundi army said on Tuesday it  might cross into neighboring Congo to pursue rebels and militia  it blames for massacring 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees at a camp  in western Burundi.
0	NYC Denies All Central Park Rally Permits (AP) AP - The city's decision to deny a permit to protesters for a rally on Central Park's Great Lawn on the weekend before the Republican National Convention is about preserving the lawn, not suppressing speech, lawyers for the city said in federal court Friday.
1	Philo puts finishing touch on elusive crown Swirling winds and 252 yards of a confounding downhill shot created quite a backup at Brae Burn Country Club's par-3 17th hole yesterday, player after player having to pursue shots that were blown off line. But when he got to the tee, Ron Philo Jr. wasn't about to complain about the delay.
2	Women Employees Sue Costco Women employees of Costco Wholesale Corp. filed a sex discrimination class action suit today, alleging that the giant retailer imposes a glass ceiling that prevents women from reaching the top and keeps them in lower paid positions.
1	Zahringer Leads Field at U.S. Amateur (AP) AP - George Zahringer III is back for another shot at the U.S. Amateur. The New Yorker is one of three returning quarterfinalists for the tournament, which begins Monday at the Winged Foot Golf Club. Lee Williams of Alexander City, Ala., and Patrick Carter of Lesage, W.Va., complete the trio from last year's championship that was won by Nick Flanagan of Australia.
"2	Sen. Kennedy Flagged By Secret No-Fly List Sen. Edward M. """"Ted"""" Kennedy said Thursday that he was stopped and questioned at airports on the East Coast five times last March."
0	Vietnam vet springs to Kerry's defense (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's efforts to refute charges that he embellished his Vietnam War record got a boost, as a fellow veteran said some of the accusations were untrue.
0	Tibet's Second-Holiest Monk Makes Rare Lhasa Visit (Reuters) Reuters - Tibet's second-holiest monk, the Panchen\Lama, has visited Lhasa on a rare trip to the Himalayan region\by the living Buddha, whose selection in 1995 was marred by\controversy after the exiled Dalai Lama chose another boy.
"2	GM's CEO Pours Cold Water on Gas Tax Hike DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said Americans had no need to worry about talk of higher  federal gasoline taxes being used to curb their dependency on  foreign oil."
1	Brit relay teams go through Britain's men's and women's relay teams qualify for their  4x100m medley finals.
1	Lleyton Hewitt beats Gilles Muller to win title in Washington Lleyton Hewitt strong first serve and excellent court coverage ended the best week of Gilles Muller #39;s career. Hewitt beat the Luxembourg player 6-3, 6-4 Sunday in the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
0	Activists Condemn FBI Tactics Before DNC (AP) AP - FBI interviews and surveillance of at least a dozen political activists in Kansas and Missouri prior to the Democratic National Convention amounted to intimidation, contends the American Civil Liberties Union.
0	Abdullah flies flag of Mid-East reform HIGH above white-walled, seven-hilled Amman, in the heart of the Jordanian royal palace compound, a national flag flies in the desert breeze.
1	Cubs get delivery from Wood Kerry Wood homered and allowed four hits in eight innings, leading the Chicago Cubs over the visiting Los Angeles Dodgers, 2-0, yesterday.
1	Lithuania Shoots Down U.S. in Men's Olympic Basketball ATHENS (Reuters) - Sarunas Jasikevicius went on a shooting  spree in the last three minutes of play to lift Lithuania to a  94-90 victory over the United States in the men's Olympic  basketball tournament Saturday.
1	Phelps simply a cut above Michael Phelps has proven he is the best swimmer ever -- in and out of the pool. Yesterday, the 6-ft. 5-in. 19-year-old from Baltimore won his sixth gold medal to add to his two bronze, making him the swimmer 
1	One gamble Bears really had to take The Bears traded Marty Booker to Miami for Adewale Ogunleye because they had no choice but to do so. Talent levels being equal, a defensive end is more valuable than a wide receiver.
1	News Briefs Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational at Akron, Ohio, with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole Saturday for a 2-under 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
0	Keep talking, Downer urges N Korea Australia #39;s foreign minister pressed leaders in North Korea yesterday to remain involved in six-nation talks on its nuclear program, amid concerns that the Pyongyang administration might pull out of preparatory meetings for the next round of negotiations. 
0	Pakistan in  #39;al-Qaeda #39; arrests At least five suspected terrorists, with alleged links to al Qaeda, have been arrested in Pakistan. It is claimed they had been plotting to launch suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy.
1	Offense Is Steamrolled Quarterback Aaron Polanco took a brutal hit in the back during Navy's scrimmage, symbolizing the Mids' mediocre offensive effort Saturday.
0	Karzai Sworn in as Afghanistan President KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected president Tuesday,  promising to bring peace to the war-torn nation and end the  economy's dependence on narcotics.
2	OPEC Chief: Concerned with Oil Price Rise JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said  on Friday he was concerned with the continuing rise in global  oil prices, but the cartel had not yet seen a cost-driven  increase in inflation.
0	Spain bombs 'follow Eta warning' Bombs explode in separate Spanish towns after a warning in the name of the armed Basque separatist group, Eta.
1	U.S. Basketball Team Loses to Puerto Rico ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States lost their first  basketball match at the Olympics since 1988 on Sunday when  Puerto Rico gave them a shock 92-73 trouncing.
1	Sobrero Markgraf And Boxx One Win Away From Olympic Medals Former Irish soccer stars to play with Team USA in Monday #39;s semifinals vs. Germany (Aug. 23, 10:00 am South Bend time on MSNBC); Gonzalez and Mexico fall to Brazil in quarterfinals.
2	Weak Ice Cream Sales Melt Nestle's Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Higher raw material costs and lower ice\cream sales in Europe ate into Nestle's (NESN.VX) first-half\results, sending shares in the world's largest food group down\over five percent on Wednesday amid concerns about its\long-term profitability.
"0	Corelli author loses plot in summerhouse theft (Reuters) Reuters - Louis de Bernieres, author of the best-selling novel """"Captain Corelli's Mandolin"""", faces having\to rewrite the first four chapters of his new novel because his computer was stolen from his summerhouse."
0	Peres demands early Israeli elections Israel #39;s opposition leader, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the prime minister, Ariel Sharon.
0	Peres demands early Israeli elections Israel #39;s opposition leader, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the prime minister, Ariel Sharon. 
0	Blast at Bangladesh Opposition Meeting Kills 4 DHAKA (Reuters) - At least four people were killed when one  or more bombs exploded as former Bangladesh prime minister  Sheikh Hasina Wajed addressed a public meeting outside her  party headquarters on Saturday, police and witnesses said.
1	Thorpedo Sinks Phelps' Shot at Spitz Mark (AP) AP - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo  #151; and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after just three events, doomed by another bronze Monday night in the most anticipated race at the Olympic pool  #151; the head-to-head showdown with Australia's Ian Thorpe in the 200-meter freestyle.
1	USC starts at the top Southern California greeted news of its first preseason No. 1 ranking since 1979 with ambivalence.
0	Power struggle also to blame for Sudan violence KHARTOUM, Sudan - The violence in Sudan #39;s western province of Darfur, where more than 30,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands have been displaced, is widely portrayed as an ethnic-cleansing campaign by Arab militias ...
2	A Personal Operator From Verizon Verizon plans to offer a service that would act as a virtual switchboard operator, letting customers stay in touch at all times. The program would send phone calls, voicemails and e-mails wherever customers designate. By Elisa Batista.
2	Jury holds Texaco liable for 1955 leak SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW ) -- A jury has ordered Texaco to pay \$15 million to finish the cleanup of a 1955 gas pipeline spill in a small town in Montana, and to pay \$25 in punitive damages, according to published reports. 
0	Pakistan hunts for key Al Qaeda figure  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistani security forces are hunting a Libyan Al Qaeda leader whom senior intelligence officials see as a possible key to finding Osama bin Laden and others in the terrorist network's inner circle.
1	Casual approach, shot selection land Anthony seat on Team USA bench The question of what #39;s up between coach Larry Brown and nailed-to-the-bench young forward Carmelo Anthony is not, to be sure, the most important one facing the United States men #39;s basketball team. The team #39;s poor shooting -- after going 3-for-17 in ...
0	Bomb blasts hit Kathmandu Suspected Maoist rebels today shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Kathmandu as the blockade of the Nepalese capital entered its third day. 
0	Volunteer Links Anti-Kerry Flier to GOP (AP) AP - A volunteer for John Kerry said Friday he picked up a flier in Bush-Cheney headquarters in Gainesville, Fla., promoting Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, a group the Bush campaign has insisted for weeks it has no connection to.
1	Australia Ties U.S. Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gives Australia a 1-1 tie with the United States, while the Americans already clinched a spot in the quarterfinals.
1	AL Wrap: Koskie Slugs Homer in 10th as Twins Edge Indians (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer\in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold\on to first place in the American League Central with a 4-2\road win over the Cleveland Indians.
1	Sutton #39;s Ryder Cup selections are solid MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- Hal Sutton will get second-guessed, which is the main by-product of the captain of Ryder Cup teams having two at-large selections and one month before the 35th version of the matches are played at Oakland Hills Country ...
0	Expert warns of further landslips An expert has warned that landslides such as those seen this week in Perthshire and north Cornwall are set to become more common. 
1	Hamilton's career highlights Won 1999 Tour of Denmark Finished 10th in individual time trial in 2000 Olympics at Sydney
2	Google Slashes IPO #39;s Size NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less than \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing cold water on what has been touted as the hottest Internet IPO in years. 
0	Blast hits Bangladesh party rally A bomb explodes at an opposition rally in Bangladesh, killing at least one person, witnesses and police say.
0	6 dead in typhoon deluge At least six people died in Shikoku after heavy rains from Typhoon Megi pounded the western Japan island on Tuesday and Wednesday, officials said. 
2	Oil Hits Record on China, India Demand LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high above \$47 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand growth in China and India underlined how rising appetite for oil is straining the world #39;s supply system. 
2	Grant to aid Lynn Central Square Central Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the Gateway Artisan Block, a key area of the square, with \$830,000 in state grant money given to Lynn last week.
0	Wildfire Sweeps by Old Calif. Mining Town REDDING, Calif. - A wind-fueled wildfire roared through an old mining town near Redding on Sunday, destroying 20 homes and forcing nearly 125 residents to flee, officials said...
1	Greece grabs first gold HOST nation Greece grabbed its first gold medal of the Athens Olympics this morning when Nikolaos Siranidis and Thomas Bimis won the men #39;s three-metre synchronised diving after China #39;s favourites suffered a no-dive. 
1	Harris Takes the Field Cornerback Walt Harris suits up for his first full practice as a Redskin on Monday after missing minicamp and the first two weeks of training camp.
1	Peirsol golden in beating field, controversy By the time Aaron Peirsol made his last turn and headed into the final 50 meters of the 200 backstroke, he had a body-length lead and was chasing his own world record en route to his second gold of the Games.
1	Manning Does His Part to Start a Controversy HARLOTTE, Aug. 19 - Eli Manning was handed his first chance to prove he could be a starting quarterback in the NFL Thursday night against the Carolina Panthers. If Manning #39;s performance was any indication, the Kurt Warner era with the ...
1	Heavy Rains Wash Out Mets-Rockies Game (AP) AP - Heavy rains washed out Wednesday night's game between the New York Mets and the Colorado Rockies before it ever started.
0	Congo Former Foes Head to S.Africa for Talks KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of the Congo (Reuters) -  Former rebels and loyalists now in Congo's transitional  government headed to South Africa on Friday for talks on  reviving the country's shaky peace process and improving  regional security, officials said.
1	Manning to Get First Start Vs. Panthers (AP) AP - What a way to test a rookie quarterback: Give him his first NFL start against the defending NFC champions and their vaunted defense.
0	Israel Kills 5 in Attempt to Assassinate Hamas Man GAZA (Reuters) - A senior Hamas leader survived an Israeli  assassination attempt on Wednesday but at least five other  Palestinians were killed in the night-time explosion that tore  through his Gaza home.
1	Olympia champion has drug positive The Russian who made history when she became the first woman to win a gold medal at the sacred site of ancient Olympia has tested positive for an anabolic steroid.
1	Budapest, Race: Renault on the podium Fernando Alonso finished third in the Hungarian Grand Prix, behind two unbeatable Ferraris.
0	Hezbollah-Linked Network Ordered to Comply (AP) AP - France's highest administrative body on Friday ordered a Lebanese TV network linked to the anti-Israel group Hezbollah to adhere to broadcast regulations or face being banned from French airwaves.
0	China appeals to North Korea to go ahead with nuclear talks BEIJING (AP)  China appealed to North Korea on Tuesday to join working meetings before a new round of six-party talks on dismantling its nuclear program, despite the North #39;s declaration that it saw no point in attending. 
2	NZ PRESS: NGC Seeks LPG, Network Businesses To Grow WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--NGC Holdings (NGC.NZ), a New Zealand-based gas distribution and metering concern, is seeking liquified petroleum gas and electricity network businesses in its quest for growth, the Dominion Post reported on its Web site Wednesday. 
0	Radcliffe shrugs off pressure Britain's gold medal hope in the women's marathon Paula Radcliffe insists she is focused ahead of the race.
2	US demands quick result on Airbus subsidy dispute PARIS, Dec 7 (AFP) - The United States wants rapid progress in resolving a dispute with the European Union on public aid to rival aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus, and will call for World Trade Organisation mediation if US-EU talks do not produce results 
3	Surefire Google Adwords Formula Surefire Google Adwords Formula\\Success with Google Adwords isn't quite as easy as some would have you believe. Still just about anyone who is persistent can succeed if they'll but implement a consistent testing program. Since testing can produce a nearly constant improvement in your click through rate (CTR).\\Heres the surefire ...
2	Jetstar boosts Qantas turnover BUDGET airline Jetstar has helped propel Qantas to a record post-tax profit of \$648.4 million. Qantas chief executive Geoff Dixon paid tribute to the subsidiary domestic carrier during a formal profit announcement yesterday. 
"0	China Detains Eight Priests and a Living Buddha -Groups BEIJING (Reuters) - China has detained eight Roman Catholic  priests in a crackdown on those loyal to the Pope and arrested  a """"Living Buddha"""" for arousing superstition at the re-opening  of a temple, U.S. groups said on Wednesday."
"2	Home Depot, Motorola Rise Before Bell NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; rose  before the opening bell on Tuesday after the world's largest  home improvement retailer reported a 19 percent rise in  second-quarter profit."
0	Militiamen begin to leave Shi #146;te shrine NAJAF, Iraq -- Militia fighters began to leave the Shrine of Imam Ali yesterday, taking up positions outside the sacred site or fleeing the city, after rebellious Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr offered to return custody of the complex to moderate clerics.
1	Eagles Defensive End Kalu Out for Year (AP) AP - Defensive end N.D. Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday's practice.
0	Bush Surveys Damage in Florida as Toll Is Expected to Mount Hurricane Charley - one of the most powerful storms in the nation's history - caused at least \$20 billion in damage in Florida alone.
2	Google IPO faces Playboy slip-up The bidding gets underway for Google's public offering, despite last-minute worries over an interview with its bosses in Playboy magazine.
0	UK village wrecked by flash floods Boscastle - Emergency services searched the wreckage of a picturesque English fishing village on Tuesday for 15 people unaccounted for after flash floods created a wall of water which tore through the valley. 
1	Ian Thorpe wins bronze in 100 metres freestyle TONY EASTLEY: Ian Thorpe now has the full set of Olympic medals, winning bronze after coming surprisingly close in trying to win the Games treble  that is the 100, 200 and 400 metres freestyle events. In winning bronze in the 100 metres final, Thorpe ...
0	Boehner Favored in Taped Phone Call Case (AP) AP - A federal judge has sided with Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio, in his six-year-old lawsuit against Rep. James McDermott, D-Wash., over an illegally recorded phone call.
"0	Munch's Famous 'Scream,' 'Madonna' Stolen OSLO, Norway - Armed men stormed into an art museum Sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole Edvard Munch's famous paintings """"The Scream"""" and """"Madonna"""" before the eyes of stunned museum-goers.    The thieves yanked the paintings off the walls of Oslo's Munch museum and loaded them into a waiting car outside, said a witness, French radio producer Francois Castang..."
0	Phelps Bows Out With Magnanimous Gesture ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. The man who dominated the attention at the Olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker...
1	Bellhorn poised to make his return The Red Sox may get some urgent relief from their injury crisis as early as tomorrow with the return of Mark Bellhorn . The second baseman, whose left thumb was fractured Aug. 1 by a 94-mile-an-hour fastball from Minnesota closer Joe Nathan , recovered faster than expected and reported to Triple A Pawtucket last night for a rehabilitation assignment.
2	Lowe's Second-Quarter Profit Rises ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the second-largest  home improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc. &lt;HD.N&gt;, on  Monday said quarterly profit rose, but trailed estimates.
0	Late Nigerian Dictator Looted Nearly \$500 Million, Swiss Say ERN, Switzerland, Aug. 18 - Almost all of the nearly \$500 million frozen in Swiss bank accounts connected with the late Nigerian dictator, Gen. Sani Abacha, was  quot;obviously of criminal origin quot; and may be returned to the Nigerian ...
0	WFP Relying On Airdrops To Bring Food In West Darfur Mud continues to be one of the biggest obstacles to relief efforts in Sudan #39;s Darfur region. Heavy rains have washed out roads and airstrips and the rainy season is expected to last another month or two. 
0	UN tries to keep up dialogue after Khartoum irked by Darfur criticism (AFP) AFP - The UN envoy to Sudan has tried to ease the pressure on Khartoum after a flurry of indictments of the government's failure to end the crisis in Darfur drew irate reactions from President Omar al-Beshir.
0	Puerto Rico Stuns Dream Team, 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on Sunday, only the third Olympic loss ever for America and its first since adding pros...
0	Major attack by rebels on Nepalese town KATHMANDU - Hundreds of Maoist rebels stormed a town in the north-west of Nepal yesterday, bombing government buildings and killing a soldier, while others kept up a blockade on roads surrounding the capital, Kathmandu, for a fifth day.
"0	In Op-Ed Piece, McGreevey Defends Choice (AP) AP - In a newspaper opinion piece published Sunday, New Jersey's embattled governor says his decision not to leave office immediately because of a sex scandal was """"difficult"""" to make but one he will not change."
1	Hewitt drives home his return point WASHINGTON - It #39;s night, under the lights at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, and No. 2 seed Lleyton Hewitt is still wearing his white cap backward, the bill of it running down the back of his sweating neck. 
0	Schroder adopts Russian orphan Three-year-old Victoria, from St Petersburg, has been living at the Schroders #39; family home in Hanover in northern Germany for several weeks. 
0	Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party dumps PM BUDAPEST, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party said Thursday that it accepted Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy #39;s resignation and has named a candidate for the post. 
2	United, American agree to  #39;de-peak #39; O #39;Hare Bowing to pressure from the US Department of Transportation, airlines that serve Chicago have agreed to cut the number of flights they send to O #39;Hare International Airport. The two most affected airlines are the only two that fly nonstop between O #39;Hare ...
0	Noguchi wins Olympic marathon as tearful Radcliffe crashes out (AFP) AFP - Mizuki Noguchi kept the Olympic Games women's marathon title in Japan when she clinched gold here in a time of 2hrs 26min 20sec.
0	22 killed, several injured in Chechen separatist attack in Grozny MOSCOW: Attacks by Chechen militants in Grozny, left 22 people dead including policemen and injured several others. Several Chechen guerrillas attacked a police station and polling station in the north of 
0	Venezuela Opposition Holds Recall Vote CARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with the leftist leader hoping a huge turnout among the poor will keep him in power.    Officials from around the world - including Pope John Paul II and U.S...
0	Iraq Cleric Agrees to End Uprising, Fighting Rages On (Reuters) Reuters - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a\Shi'ite uprising agreed on Wednesday to disarm his militia and\leave one of the country's holiest Islamic shrines after\warnings of an onslaught by government forces.
1	Reversal Gives Peirsol Gold; Phelps Wins 200 IM Despite being disqualified shortly after his final, Aaron Peirsol was eventually reinstated as the winner of the 200-meter backstroke event.
0	Two Wounded in Second Bomb Blast in Nepal Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Two people were wounded after a second bomb exploded in Nepal #39;s capital on Friday, the third day of a blockade of the commercial center called by Maoist rebels. 
0	Kerry accuses Vietnam critics of illegal ties to Bush campaign (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign has formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's re-election bid.
0	Partisan Feud Deepens Over History Body The ruling and opposition parties on Friday continued to lock horns over the establishment of a committee to explore the truth of the nation #39;s modern history a day after Uri Party leader Shin Ki-nam resigned because of his father #39;s ...
1	BEARS CAPTURE BOOKER The Chicago Bears have acquired hold-out Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye from the Miami Dolphins for wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round pick.
1	Ching saves best for last KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Without one World Cup qualifier under his belt and only a pair of appearances for the US National Team to speak of, there stood Brian Ching at midfield waiting to enter the match with his team down 1-0 to Jamaica. 
0	Toppled Power Lines Are Posing a Herculean Task in Florida Five days after Hurricane Charley struck Florida, more than 400,000 customers still lack electricity.
1	Court rules for BC in flap over exit fee Boston College cleared a major legal hurdle in its bid to join the Atlantic Coast Conference yesterday when a Massachusetts Superior Court judge issued summary judgment in favor of the school's attempt to depart the Big East next July under the old provisions of the conference's constitution.
0	U.S. to Give Cuba  #36;50,000 Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - Cubans hit hard by hurricane Charley will receive  #36;50,000 in U.S. assistance, the State Department said Friday.
0	Sadr refuses to meet with peace delegation NAJAF, Iraq -- Radical Shi #39;ite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr refused yesterday to meet with a delegation of Iraqi political figures that had rushed here from Baghdad with a last-ditch offer for peace, ...
0	Shiites Hold Najaf Shrine; Clashes Flare NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine, and clashes flared in Najaf on Saturday, raising fears that a resolution to the crisis in the holy city could collapse amid bickering between Shiite leaders.    An unofficial mediator pleaded with al-Sadr to disarm his militants, pull them out of the shrine and disband his militia immediately...
1	Cink Excels at NEC Stewart Cink used a 2-under 68 on Saturday to extend his lead at the NEC Invitational to five shots while Tiger Woods and David Toms faded.
1	Men #39;s Singles : Interview with JUAN CARLOS FERRERO (ESP) Q. It #39;s a slow road back, isn #39;t it? You #39;ve had the illness and injury problems earlier in this year. Did you lose confidence or what? ...
1	Aussies Upset U.S. Women in Medley Relay (AP) AP - Petria Thomas overtook Jenny Thompson on the third leg of the Olympic women's 400-meter medley relay Saturday night, helping Australia upset the United States in world-record time.
0	Syrian Court Releases Rights Activist on Bail A Syrian court has released on bail a human rights activist charged with tarnishing the country's image but considered by advocacy groups to be a prisoner of conscience, one of his attorneys said Monday.
0	Iraqi Delegates Say Sadr Agrees to End Najaf Crisis BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said Wednesday that radical Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to government demands to end an uprising in the holy city of Najaf. 
0	Canada Says G7 Not Doing Enough to Help Africa (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders from the Group of Seven rich\industrialized nations need to do more to aid poor African\countries, Canadian Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said on\Thursday.
0	Fatal accidents damage Japan #39;s nuclear dream On the coast of the Japan Sea, two and a half hours by train from Kyoto, is the quiet fishing village of Mihama. Noted for its harbour and beautiful beaches, it draws tourists from all over the country.
1	East Africans dominate day Americans lag in men #39;s 10,000 Athens -- It #39;s always a pleasure watching masters of their craft at work, and such a moment occurred Friday night on the first full day of Olympic track and field competition when men with long-distance motors lined up for the final of the 10,000 meters.
"2	Intel Says It's Recovered from Missteps SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; will  miss  its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely  publicized string of product delays and problems, but those  missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip  maker said on Tuesday."
1	Last laugh Oh, those wacky Red Sox. Nothing like a little levity to take the edge off a playoff race. That #39;s why Terry Francona #39;s merry pranksters last night let Manny Ramirez lead the charge out of the dugout in the ...
2	Google Slashes IPO Price UPDATED: Search engine darling Google (Quote, Chart) has slashed the price of its long-awaited public offering by about 30 percent to between \$85 and \$95 per share and plans to sell fewer shares. 
0	Iraq Celebrates Surprise Win in Olympics (AP) AP - A stream of red tracer bullets cut through the night sky amid a hail of celebratory gunfire as Iraqis, exhausted from war and unending violence, celebrated their national soccer team's startling 1-0 victory over Australia in the Olympic quarterfinal.
1	U.S. Beats Australia After a miserable Olympics four years ago, the U.S. men's volleyball team has guaranteed a place in the medal round.
1	Michael Phelps Wins 6 Gold Medals in Swimming in Athens The eight days of Olympic swimming competition ended Saturday night at the Athens Summer Games. And the big star was American Michael Phelps.
0	South Ossetia ceasefire discussed Georgia and South Ossetia negotiate the details of a truce they forged, despite reports of a village attack.
"0	Britain 'sleepwalking' into big-brother state, watchdog warns (AFP) AFP - Britain is """"sleepwalking into a surveillance society"""" because of government plans to introduce ID cards and a population register, the nation's information watchdog was quoted as saying."
0	Najaf Fighting Intensifies Amid Peace Push BAGHDAD, Iraq - A U.S. warplane bombed near Najaf's vast cemetery as fighting with Shiite militants intensified Tuesday...
0	Clashes Slow as Cleric's Grip on Mosque Seems to Slip Moktada al-Sadr, the rebel Shiite cleric, still retained control of a Najaf shrine, though there were signs his grip might be weakening.
0	Israel AG Says Shift Barrier to Avoid Sanctions JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's attorney general urged the  government Thursday to swiftly reroute its barrier in the  occupied West Bank to minimize the risk of international  sanctions after the World Court deemed the project illegal.
2	Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online  file-sharing software companies are not liable for copyright  infringement.
0	Tibetans accuse China of meddling in film festival (AFP) AFP - Tibetan activists in India claimed that five films on Tibet have been dropped from the upcoming Asian Film Festival in Bombay under pressure from the Chinese embassy in India.
1	NL Wrap: Green Homers Lift Los Angeles Past Atlanta NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shawn Green hit two home runs,  including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta  Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at  Dodger Stadium on Saturday.
0	Kerry admits to soft spot for Oscar winner Theron (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry has a soft spot for South African actress Charlize Theron but is adamant that second wife Teresa Heinz-Kerry changed his life, he has told GQ magazine.
1	America #39;s great hope in 1,500 can #39;t make it out of first round Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters. 
0	Up to seven killed in Chechnya shootout: report (AFP) AFP - Up to seven people were killed in an attack on a police station in Grozny, the capital of the Russian breakaway republic of Chechnya, a report quoting officials said.
0	Burundi Agrees to Move Tutsi Refugees to Safety Following last week #39;s massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a refugee camp near Burundi #39;s border with the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Burundian government is speeding up efforts to help the United Nations set up more secure camps in the 
0	Israeli soldiers kill boy in Nablus A 10-year-old Palestinian boy has been shot dead by Israeli occupation soldiers during an incursion into the centre of the West Bank city of Nablus, according to Palestinian medical sources. 
2	Rate hikes by Fed work in two ways If you #39;ve noticed that the price of everything from milk to gasoline to automobiles seems to be going up, you #39;re as observant as Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan.
0	China says hopes N.Korea nuclear talks to continue BEIJING, Aug 18 (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday it hoped all six parties taking part in talks on the North Korea nuclear crisis would keep calm, remain flexible and continue negotiations despite inevitable difficulties. 
0	Murder victim 'missed her stop' A 22-year-old French woman was killed while walking home after missing her bus stop, police believe.
0	Developing states to seek voice in fighting terror (Reuters) Reuters - Developing nations launched their annual diplomatic summit on Tuesday with a plea to the United States and other powerful countries to consult them on tackling terror and resolving the Middle East conflict
2	Italy joins Greece in EU dock over dodgy data (AFP) AFP - Following embarrassing revelations over Greece's budget data, the European Union expressed alarm at the reliability of Italy's own deficit figures and called for urgent clarification.
2	Illinois Helps Residents Import Prescription Drugs CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois residents will soon be able to  buy lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United  Kingdom and Ireland, sidestepping U.S. regulators' objections  to imported drugs, Gov. Rod Blagojevich said on Tuesday.
0	Bomb Kills 16 During Indian Celebration A powerful bomb killed at least 16 people, many of them schoolchildren, and wounded about 40 others as they assembled for an Independence Day parade Sunday in the northeastern state of Assam, authorities said.
0	Blair confined to quarters after bomb discovery Italian newspapers claimed yesterday that the Blair family had been confined to their luxury Tuscan quarters following the discovery of a time bomb in a Sardinian resort close to the villa where Silvio Berlusconi regaled Tony and Cherie Blair with ...
0	Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting GAZA (Reuters) - Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli  soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since  Yasser Arafat's death, raising the prospect that renewed  violence could complicate a vote for his successor.
1	Phelps #39; gesture is worth a million Just when we thought the kid couldn #39;t do anything more to amaze us, he raised the bar Friday night and did it without putting a hand in the water. 
1	3 Schools Set to Join Sun Belt Conference (AP) AP - This is the last season the Sun Belt Conference will be scattered across the country.
1	DiMarco, Riley Get on Ryder Cup Team (AP) AP - Hal Sutton had a good idea what kind of U.S. team he would take to the Ryder Cup. All that changed in the final round of the PGA Championship.
0	Najaf clashes as truce talks fail Fighting resumes in the Iraqi city of Najaf between US troops and Shia militias after an abortive peace bid.
0	Pinochet probed on bank accounts A Chilean judge questions former dictator Augusto Pinochet about secret US bank accounts.
0	Nikkei Rises by Midday (Reuters) Reuters - Gains in banks and exporters helped lift\Tokyo's Nikkei average 0.84 percent by midday on Tuesday as a\fall in crude oil prices and a rebound in U.S. stocks led\buyers to pick up shares hit by the index's recent sharp\losses.
0	A Rash Product That Sells Itself COVINGTON, La. - Retired Louisiana pharmacist George Boudreaux hasn't needed Madison Avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
3	Party Crasher (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Not long ago most corporate computer managers viewed open-source programs like MySQL as toys fit only for hobbyists. But then Linux, an open-source operating system, became a smash hit in corporate sites. Now the folks who embraced Linux are snapping up other bargain programs such as Apache, which serves up Web pages, the MySQL database and scripting languages like PHP, Perl and Python, which are used to create Web pages. So many companies use the combination of Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP (or Perl or Python) that they're described with the acronym LAMP.
0	US hurricane victims face turmoil Many victims of Florida's worst hurricane for years are still homeless, with no electricity or telephone services.
0	Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Decline NEW YORK - Stocks moved slightly higher Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, helped in afternoon trading by falling oil prices that had earlier reached new highs and flirted with \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$48.42, down 28 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after hitting a record intraday high earlier in the session at \$49.40...
0	Nepal rebels cut off routes to capital in first-ever blockade KATHMANDU : Maoist rebels cut off routes to Nepal #39;s capital Kathmandu in their first blockade of the city since they launched their insurgency to overthrow the constitutional monarchy eight years ago. 
2	US Stocks Gain for a Third Day, Led by Home Depot, Retailers Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- US stocks rose for a third straight day after an unexpected drop in consumer prices encouraged investors that the Federal Reserve may be able to slow the pace of interest rate increases. Benchmark indexes pared gains as oil prices ...
0	Al Qaeda plot to blow up key installations in Pak foiled: Rashid : With the arrest of six Al Qaeda suspects, law enforcement agencies here claimed to have foiled a plot to blow up key sites, including President #39;s House, military headquarters, the US embassy and parliament, the country #39;s Information Minister Sheikh Rashid 
1	49ers #146; Beasley out till opener The cheers went up the instant Willis McGahee took the field. How's that for pressure?
2	Mixed response to truckers strike NEW DELHI, Aug. 21. - The indefinite nationwide strike by truck operators against imposition of service tax evoked a mixed response on the first day of the stir today even as government appeared unwilling 
0	Labor determined to reopen children overboard inquiry Labor says there appears to have been pressure from the Prime Minister #39;s office on a public servant and it #39;s reaffirmed its determination to reopen the Senate inquiry into the matter. 
0	China's President Hails Deng Xiaoping (AP) AP - Speaking to hundreds of top leaders and ordinary citizens, China's President Hu Jintao hailed Deng Xiaoping as the architect of China's economic reforms on Sunday, the 100-year anniversary of the late supreme leader's birth.
2	The Sponsor Moves In The Days, owned by its advertisers, may boost ABC'S bottom line. But will they control content?
0	Veterans Set for Republican Convention (AP) AP - Americans who served in the military will be well represented at the upcoming Republican convention, more so than at last month's Democratic convention or in the U.S. population overall, according to the GOP.
2	BellSouth: \$3.3 Bln Rise in Benefit Costs WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a \$3.3 billion increase in its estimates of future retiree medical costs, reducing fourth-quarter earnings by 3 cents to 4 ...
0	Holiday Pals Berlusconi, Blair Cement Ties With a bandanna on his head and a grin on his cheeks, Italy #39;s flamboyant Premier Silvio Berlusconi has been playing vacation host to Britain #39;s Tony Blair in Sardinia, an unlikely holiday coupling that highlights an Italian-British alliance ...
1	Lefty done for season with torn left flexor tendon PHILADELPHIA -- Andy Pettitte #39;s frustrating season officially came to an end Wednesday when the Houston Astros announced that the left-hander will undergo surgery to repair the torn flexor tendon in his left elbow. 
0	How can Tutsi and Hutu divisions be resolved? The massacre of over 160 Congolese Banyamulenge Tutsis in Gatumba refugee camp in Burundi has once again brought to the fore the ethnic problem in Africa #39;s Great Lakes Region. 
0	Slaves' descendants should get tax exemption: US Senate hopeful (AFP) AFP - American descendants of African slaves should be exempted from US federal taxes for a generation or two to compensate them for the state-sanctioned exploitation of their ancestors, an aspiring US Senate hopeful declared.
0	Sudan says it will cut number of paramilitary forces operating in Darfur (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - In a goodwill gesture on the eve of peace talks in Nigeria, Sudan said Sunday it will cut the number of paramilitary forces operating in Darfur by 30 per cent in a bid to ease tensions in the troubled region, where an 18-month conflict has claimed the lives of an estimated 30,000 people.
0	Who's Behind the Gold Medalist's Mask? Gosh, an American! Mariel Zagunis crushed Tan Xue of China, 15-9, in the final of the women's saber Tuesday, earning the first American gold in a recognized fencing event.
0	Pope Struggles Through Mass at Lourdes (AP) AP - A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle cures. The 84-year-old pontiff gasped, trembled and asked aides for help during the 2 1/2 hour service in sizzling heat.
1	American Aaron Peirsol #39;s Gold Restored on Appeal ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the men #39;s 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday after winning an appeal against his disqualification then surviving a protest from the British and Austrian teams. 
1	Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle (AP) AP - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries.
1	Tennessee Tech's Worrell Extends Contract (AP) AP - Longtime Tennessee Tech women's basketball coach Bill Worrell has agreed to a new three-year contract with the option for three more years, the school announced Sunday.
2	Cantor Fitzgerald spinning off business Manhattan-based financial services firm Cantor Fitzgerald said Tuesday it is spinning off its inter-dealer voice brokerage business and will concentrate on sales and trading, investment banking, asset management and other institutional services. 
0	Pope Visit Leaves Lourdes with Hefty Deficit PARIS (Reuters) - Pope John Paul's visit to Lourdes last  weekend left the Roman Catholic shrine with a 1.2 million euro  (\$1.47 million) deficit because pilgrims keen to get good seats  at his mass rushed past collection boxes.
0	Boudreaux's Butt Paste Sells Itself COVINGTON, La. - Retired Louisiana pharmacist George Boudreaux hasn't needed Madison Avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
2	Building permits increase 5.7, reversing June downturn WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Construction of new homes recovered in July, as US homebuilders started homes at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.978 million, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. 
2	Not All Jobs Belong To The White Man: Asian Minorities, Affirmative Action, And The Quest For Parity At Work Although a smattering of Chinese, Filipinos, Japanese, Indians, Thais, and others may crow about seeing their kind sitting in prominent positions in corporations and organizations in the USA, these accomplishments become mere cultural high-fives and ritualistic chest-thumping goaded and impishly patronized by 'mainstream society' - the milder and gentler term for the white-dominated populace.
0	Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final.    Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries...
0	Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries...
1	Deakes takes a walk into history The 27-year-old took out bronze in the men #39;s 20km walk -- winning Australia #39;s first Olympic medal for walking in almost 45 years. 
0	BHP Billiton year to June profit seen up sharply on higher prices, demand (AFP) AFP - Australian resources firm BHP Billiton is expected to post sharply higher earnings in the year to June aided by rising commodities prices, high production levels and continued strong demand from China, analysts said.
0	A balancing act: Australia #39;s diplomatic relations HAMISH ROBERTSON: The Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, sparked quite an argument last week with his comments in Beijing about whether Australia would side with the United States in any war over Taiwan.
1	Lewis drops off pace Denise Lewis makes a stuttering start to the heptathlon, as fellow Briton Kelly Sotherton storms into second place.
1	NFL Players Association Files Grievance Over Carter Release WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - The NFL Players Association  Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the  recent release of quarterback Quincy Carter, claiming the  organization was in violation of the league's collective  bargaining agreement.
2	Indian truckers launch strike NEW DELHI: India #39;s largest truckers #39; union began a nationwide strike yesterday, disrupting shipment of goods, to protest a government plan for a service tax on transport booking agents.
0	Mugabe refuses extradition Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe #39;s president, has rejected a request from Equatorial Guinea for the extradition of 70 alleged mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the west African country.
2	Architectural Benefactor J. Irwin Miller Dies J. Irwin Miller, 95, the industrialist and philanthropist who guided Cummins Engine Co. to international prominence and helped shape his home town of Columbus, Ind., into an architectural gem, died Aug. 16 at his home in Columbus. No cause of death was ...
0	Car bomb explodes near military convoy A car bomb detonated near a US military convoy on Sunday outside the northern city of Mosul, the military said. Two children were injured in the blast, said Dr.
2	Stocks Move Higher on Mixed Economic Data Stocks inched higher Tuesday as investors saw the bright side of mixed economic data and rumors about big merger deals, including a report that consumer products giant Johnson  amp; Johnson is in talks to purchase a leading medical device maker.
0	Violent Standoff in Najaf Continues Negotiations over the embattled city of Najaf took a new and complicated turn Thursday when an official of Iraq's interim government issued fresh demands to be met by rebellious Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr, accompanied by warnings of an imminent military offensive at the shrine where Sadr's militia is holed up.
2	Taco Bell's Blue Dew Pepsi pushes a blue version of Mountain Dew only at Taco Bell. Is this a winning strategy?
2	Ex-Enron CEO Seeks Separate Trial Lawyers for former Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) chief executive Jeffrey Skilling on Friday asked a federal court to separate his trial from his former boss Ken Lay #39;s 
0	Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Israel declared psychological war on\hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it\would barbecue meat outside their cells to try to break their\will.
0	2 killed in car bomb explosion north of Baghdad Two people were killed and four others injured when a car bomb went off on Sunday near Baquba, 65 km north of Baghdad, police sources said.
0	Proud Italy awaits La Scala opening with bated breath (AFP) AFP - Italy's cultural cognoscenti were waiting with bated breath for the reopening of the La Scala opera house, restored to its former glory after a sumptuous 61 million euro (81 million dollar) makeover.
0	18 killed in grenade attacks in Bangladesh At least 18 people were confirmed killed, and some 300 were injured as unidentified assailants hurled over ten grenades toward a rally organized by the main opposition 
0	Memorial Service Held for Lori Hacking OREM, Utah - Family and friends of Lori Hacking gathered Saturday for a memorial service to remember the woman whom authorities believe was slain by her husband while she slept.    About 600 people attended the service, including the parents of both Lori Hacking and her husband, Mark, who has been charged with her murder...
1	Leonard Forges Two Clear with Nine to Play at PGA KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - American Justin Leonard  stayed on track for his second major title in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round on Sunday, moving two shots clear with  nine holes to play.
2	Stocks Set to Open Lower as Oil Hits High NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks are set to open lower on  Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high overnight and  Google Inc. slashed its initial public offering price, which  appeared to dampen investor sentiment.
"2	With Boxing Show, Fox Makes Quick Move, but Judge Reacts The Fox network tried to move the premiere of """"The Next Great Champ"""" to the day before a hearing, but the judge moved the hearing to the day of the premiere."
0	AP: Kids Left in Africa Begged for Change (AP) AP - Allegedly abandoned by their American mother in Africa, seven children from Texas begged small change to buy food and shuttled from a neglectful stranger's care to a concrete-block orphanage, Nigerians said Thursday.
1	Bulluck Picks Super Bowl Shot Over Cash (AP) AP - Keith Bulluck knows his answer to the question of how much is enough. Coming off his first Pro Bowl and All-Pro season, the Tennessee linebacker could have played out the final year of his contract then become a free agent in search of more money. Instead, he signed a six-year,  #36;36 million contract in March and remained a Titan.
0	S.Korea #39;s Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father #39;s Past SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea #39;s ruling Uri Party resigned Thursday, an unexpected first casualty of President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s call for an inquiry into who benefited from working with Korea #39;s Japanese colonial rulers. 
2	Not All Dutch Auctions Are Equal Jeff Stacey, managing director of researcher IPO Monitor in Los Angeles, says Dutch auctions are designed to set the price accurately right away.
2	The Aftermath Of Charley: The Most Expensive States To Insure Your &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There are always trade-offs to every place people choose to live. If you live in New York, it #39;s too expensive. If you live in Montana, it #39;s too remote.
0	Pakistan Says It Has Foiled Terror Plots (AP) AP - Pakistan has arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the U.S. Embassy, officials announced Saturday.
