4	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart on its sleeve .
0	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
4	directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
4	try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
4	great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
4	p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
1	despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
1	scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
4	daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
4	wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
4	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
3	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
4	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
3	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
4	-lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
3	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
0	coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
3	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
0	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
3	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
4	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
4	flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
3	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
3	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
3	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
2	it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
3	the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
3	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
3	both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
4	this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
3	though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
4	what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
4	for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
4	the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
3	jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
4	with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
4	`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
4	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
4	neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
3	`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
4	the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
4	all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
0	this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
4	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
3	an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
4	there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
4	changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
4	leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
4	the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
4	provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
4	jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
4	filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
4	more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
4	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
4	an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -lrb- not to mention gently political -rrb- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
4	with this masterful , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
1	it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
4	a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
4	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
0	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
3	skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
4	the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
3	an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
2	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
4	good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
3	antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
4	it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
4	lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
4	although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
4	as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
4	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
2	noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
4	director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .
3	-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
0	-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
4	but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
3	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
4	these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
4	this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
1	they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
0	an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
4	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
3	by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
0	it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
4	it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
0	a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
4	see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
4	offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
2	at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
3	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
4	the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
3	although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
3	... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
4	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
4	the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
4	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
0	i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
4	not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
4	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
3	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
3	an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
4	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
4	it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
4	in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
0	shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
4	it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
4	with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
4	an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
3	it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
3	all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
4	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
4	fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
3	meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
4	with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
4	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
4	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
4	... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
4	features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
4	an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
4	the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
4	fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
4	`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
4	some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
3	a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
4	effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
4	between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
4	it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
3	affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
3	among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
4	gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
4	an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
3	the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
3	director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
3	despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
4	a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
3	khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
4	at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
4	mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
3	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
0	downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
0	the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
3	the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
3	lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
3	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
3	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
3	as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
4	... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
1	is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
4	while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
4	in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
3	but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
4	mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
4	... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
4	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
0	i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
3	it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
4	it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
4	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
3	this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
4	to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
4	simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
4	a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .
4	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
4	it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
4	wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
2	disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` bedknobs and broomsticks , '' which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
0	not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
4	miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
4	judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
0	contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
3	slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
3	a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
1	even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
4	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
4	captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
4	writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
0	i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
4	the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
3	-lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
3	-lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
3	it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
4	secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
4	-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
4	it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
3	the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
1	the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
0	it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
3	unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
3	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
4	adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
4	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
4	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
4	hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
3	there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
4	a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
3	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
4	`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and better -rrb- than most films with this theme .
4	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
2	the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen -- and a hollywood-ized austen at that .
3	until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
4	a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
4	there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
1	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
1	the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .
4	special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
3	this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
4	runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
3	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
3	`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
4	for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
3	frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
4	more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
0	each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
4	when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
4	just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
4	a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
4	maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
4	astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
4	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
3	if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
0	it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
1	as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
3	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
0	due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
4	like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
4	a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
3	directing with a sure and measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
3	the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
4	-lrb- taymor -rrb- utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
4	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .
4	well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
4	brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
4	overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
3	the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
4	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
1	whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
4	jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
0	to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
4	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
2	boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
3	while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
4	this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
1	well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- .
4	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
4	though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
4	the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
0	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
3	though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
4	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
4	a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
0	all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
4	writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
4	there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
0	cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
4	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
4	humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
4	extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
4	but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
4	... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
3	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
1	... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
4	a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
1	a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
2	greengrass -lrb- working from don mullan 's script -rrb- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
3	in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
4	each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
3	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
0	... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
4	a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
4	a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
4	an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
4	salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
0	distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
4	last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
4	a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
3	it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
4	the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
4	bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
3	amidst the action , the script carries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
4	hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
4	better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
3	it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
3	leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
1	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
4	directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
0	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
3	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
4	in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
4	miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
3	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
4	assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
0	this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
3	some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
3	the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
1	with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
4	the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
4	as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
3	filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
3	if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
3	much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
4	this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
4	you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
4	this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
0	skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
4	... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -lrb- the way chekhov is funny -rrb- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
4	hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
4	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
0	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
3	her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
0	rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
0	the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
3	byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
0	the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
3	even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
4	a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
0	the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
3	a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
4	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
0	any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
2	your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
0	a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
4	the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
4	a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
4	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
0	fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
4	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
3	the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
3	to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
3	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
4	drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
4	-lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
1	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
4	amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
1	the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
4	canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
3	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
3	robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
0	black-and-white and unrealistic .
4	could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?
0	the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
0	this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
0	the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
3	not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
3	writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
4	... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
0	several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
4	read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
4	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
4	the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
3	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
4	a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
1	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
0	... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
4	the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
4	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
4	many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
4	nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
3	all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
4	sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
4	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
4	it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
4	berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
4	while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
4	this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
4	returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .
0	another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
3	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
4	maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
4	an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
3	though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
0	what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
0	it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
0	an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
4	like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
0	the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .
4	because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
0	a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
3	a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
1	you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- .
4	steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
4	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
0	the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0	director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
3	a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
4	if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
4	when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
3	like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
4	it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
4	arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
4	vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
3	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
3	an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
3	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
1	low comedy does n't come much lower .
4	road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
0	a ragbag of cliches .
1	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
0	the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
3	an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
0	if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
0	a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
3	the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
3	the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
4	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
4	irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
4	in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
1	but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
3	to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
4	for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
0	a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
4	here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
3	it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
3	although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
0	without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
1	fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
4	the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
0	an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
4	i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
0	most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
2	the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
3	jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
4	unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
4	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
0	manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
4	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
4	the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
4	it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
3	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
4	jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
0	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
1	a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
4	stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
3	birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
0	the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
3	vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
4	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
0	there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
2	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
4	-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
4	ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .
4	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
4	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
4	he has a great cast and a great idea .
0	the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
1	the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
3	mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
4	a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .
4	my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
4	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
4	call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
0	call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
0	rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
4	the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
4	... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
2	a biopic about crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
4	the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
4	combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
4	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
3	often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
4	miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
4	in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
3	schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
4	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
0	... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
4	tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
0	if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
3	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
1	-lrb- the film 's -rrb- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
4	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
3	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
3	an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
0	a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
0	viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
4	like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
0	this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
3	austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
4	woody allen has really found his groove these days .
0	with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
0	rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
2	the culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form -lrb- in `` last dance '' -rrb- .
0	a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
3	yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
4	throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
0	... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
4	in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
4	bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
3	for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
4	forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
0	`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
4	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
3	the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
3	this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
1	although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
3	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
0	rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
1	resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
1	those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
4	birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
3	it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
4	it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
0	... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
4	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
4	fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
0	i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
4	it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
0	i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .
4	both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
3	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
3	she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
0	... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
3	the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
3	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
4	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
3	the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
4	a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
4	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
3	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
0	an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
0	aggravating and tedious .
0	-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
3	simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
4	a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
1	fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
4	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .
4	there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
4	think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
0	the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
4	lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
1	though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
1	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
3	if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
1	... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
3	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
3	passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
4	a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
0	evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
3	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
0	it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
1	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
1	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
4	like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
3	the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
3	precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
3	a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
0	we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
3	and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .
4	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
4	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
1	would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
4	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular .
3	whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take -lrb- its -rrb- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .
1	a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
4	while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
0	-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
2	perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
1	inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
0	not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
1	woefully pretentious .
0	cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
1	does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
1	a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
4	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
0	was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
3	it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
4	while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
4	writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
4	a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
4	the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
3	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
3	let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
3	hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
0	the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
0	you 'll cry for your money back .
3	there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
3	the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
4	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
4	if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
3	if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
0	makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
1	a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .
3	a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
3	demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
4	elegant and eloquent -lrb- meditation -rrb- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
0	it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
4	a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
1	the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
4	the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .
4	top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
1	a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
0	the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
3	it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
4	it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
1	something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
1	curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
4	promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
4	a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
4	whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
1	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
2	it 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook 's foundation and dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .
4	will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
3	the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
4	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
0	degenerates into hogwash .
3	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
3	elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
3	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
1	a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
4	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
4	it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
4	features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
4	on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
3	it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
4	spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
0	an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
4	`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
4	it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
4	... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
3	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
0	it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
3	george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
3	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
4	this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
0	rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
0	it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
3	director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
3	though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
4	it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
1	a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
3	what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
3	screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
3	what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
1	while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
3	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
0	obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
3	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
0	the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
1	though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
1	the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
1	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
3	plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
4	like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
3	an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
1	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
4	much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
1	the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
2	massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -lrb- and ultimately the victim -rrb- of history .
0	we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .
3	wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
4	but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
3	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
0	the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
4	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
4	the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
3	it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
3	-lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
0	true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
2	with elements cribbed from lang 's metropolis , welles ' kane , and eisenstein 's potemkin , the true wonder of rintarô 's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
0	a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
0	most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
4	with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
3	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
3	the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
3	and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
1	... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
3	although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
3	what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
4	the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
4	it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
0	deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
3	seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
2	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the -lrb- opening -rrb- dance guarantees karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
0	like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
3	though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
3	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
3	as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
3	not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
4	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
4	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
4	... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
1	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
3	implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
3	henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
4	the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
1	wewannour money back , actually .
0	mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
0	a thriller without a lot of thrills .
4	informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
0	the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
0	in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
1	appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
4	one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
3	strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
4	but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
4	whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
1	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
3	whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
3	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
4	young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
0	the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
3	the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
4	it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
2	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
3	an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
3	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
0	so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
3	a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
4	it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
0	this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0	it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
4	it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
4	parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
1	potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
1	the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
0	some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
3	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
4	part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
4	a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
3	what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
3	you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
0	it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
2	apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
3	-lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
4	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
3	campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
4	if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
4	y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
3	and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
1	we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
0	but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
4	-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
3	that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
4	and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
4	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
0	a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
0	` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	like a can of 2-day old coke .
1	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
3	i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
0	aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
1	like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
3	using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
3	for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
1	while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
3	though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
3	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
2	a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
1	fluffy and disposible .
3	coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
0	`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
3	and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
1	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
3	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
4	not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
0	bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
3	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
3	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
0	one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
1	the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
0	what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
1	seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
0	the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
4	a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
3	fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
3	mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
4	the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
1	ararat feels like a book report
3	rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
4	it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
3	he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
3	what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
3	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
1	the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
0	feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
1	unwieldy contraption .
3	what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
4	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
1	more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
4	hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
4	such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''
4	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
4	charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
3	garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
0	there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
3	the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
4	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
4	the all-french cast is marveilleux .
4	shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
1	... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
4	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
0	`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
4	but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
3	takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
0	their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
3	i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
3	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '
4	a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
1	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
2	this is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
1	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
4	the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
1	` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
2	wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
3	never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
2	post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` personal freedom first '' might not be as palatable as intended .
4	the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
0	the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
4	if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
3	has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
3	offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
1	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
4	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
4	highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
3	faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
3	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
3	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
0	a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
4	-lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
4	an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
3	yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
0	... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
1	`` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
3	when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
3	` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
3	` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
2	comedy troupe broken lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
4	soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
0	the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
3	the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
