1	Newbery Wins Platform Diving Gold for Australia Chantelle Newbery became the first Australian to win the Olympic women #39;s platform diving title with a clearcut victory in the final on Sunday.
0	UK #39;s Blair Alters Holiday After Sardinian Bombs, Corriere Says Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has changed his holiday plans following Wednesday #39;s discovery of two explosive devices near Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s Sardinian villa, where he had been staying, Il Corriere della Sera ...
0	UN peace chief warns of more violence after Burundi massacre UNITED NATIONS : The UN #39;s peacekeeping chief warned of a surge in violence after the massacre of Congolese refugees in Burundi and called on all parties to step back from the brink of war. 
2	Muddling Through (or Not): Mid-2004 Update on the Philippines Looks like the Philippines, despite itself, has survived the election without excessive violence, major civil unrest, or untoward People Power eruptions. GMA finally has that elusive electoral mandate, and the air of uncertainty that pervaded Manila in the weeks leading up to the election has given way to (for some) an air of cautious optimism or (for others) resignation that nothing ever changes much in the Philippines and that the strong leadership and fundamental changes needed to save the country are long shots.
1	Many similarities, differences between #39;04 US basketball and #39;80 Soviet hockey teams This was no miracle, but you could not tell by the amount of elation surrounding the Dream Team #39;s trip to the woodshed Sunday. 
0	8 British terror suspects brought to court LONDON -- Eight men charged with conspiracy to murder in a trans-Atlantic terror plot made their first court appearance yesterday in a case that has added to the fierce debate over Britain's terrorism laws and heightened fears in the country's Islamic community of an anti-Muslim backlash.
3	Spammers in bed with virus carriers The majority of viruses intercepted by MessageLabs since January have the potential for spam distribution, according to a report by the e-mail security firm. It suggests that the virus authors are now making money by collaborating with spammers. 
0	Donkey cart beats out Porsche in Portuguese road race (AFP) AFP - A donkey cart beat a Porsche in a race held in a northern Portuguese city over the weekend to see which mode of transportation could best handle car congestion.
2	Coming Soon, a 24-Plex  Not So Near You There's something special about a night at the movies -- it's all about friends, American pop culture and escape. And it's accessible to just about everyone.
1	Italy's Pennetta Wins Idea Prokom Open (AP) AP - Italy's Flavia Pennetta won the Idea Prokom Open for her first WTA Tour title, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 7-5, 3-6, 6-3 Saturday after French Open champion Anastasia Myskina withdrew before the semifinals because of a rib injury.
3	Can Angling Save World's Largest Salmon? Conservationists say the survival of Mongolia's fabled taimen salmon may depend on an unusual ecotourism venture involving Western anglers.
"3	Al Qaeda member surrenders \\""""RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (CNN) -- One of Saudi Arabia's most wanted militants has\turned himself into the authorities, the first senior suspect to surrender under\a one-month government amnesty announced last week.""""\\""""Othman Al-Omari, number 19 on Saudi Arabia's most wanted list of 26, accepted\King Fahd's offer of amnesty, which was made last week, according to Saudi\sources Monday.""""\\""""Al-Omari, who turned himself in on Sunday night, was a business partner of\Shaban Al Shihri -- the first al Qaeda member to accept the offer when he turned\himself in Friday.""""\\When I first saw this I was really upset.  I thought that it would certainly\lead to more violence if they just let terrorists off the ...\\"
2	Reporting to Work Mid-Flight Business travelers will soon take advantage of airborne internet if two companies have their way. Boeing and software maker iPass plan to use satellite and Wi-Fi to connect high fliers to the office.
3	AMD begins shipments of Oakville mobile chips Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) has begun shipping commercial versions of its Athlon 64 processors made using a 90-nanometer process, marking another step forward in the company's transition to the more advanced manufacturing technology.
"2	Magna Int'l Names Mark Hogan as President TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada's Magna International &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGa.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;MGa.TO&lt;/A&gt;,  the world's seventh-largest auto-parts supplier, named Mark  Hogan as its president on Friday and said he will be based in  Detroit."
3	Real launches 'Freedom of Choice Campaign' (MacCentral) MacCentral - RealNetworks will tout its new Windows-only Harmony technology, which allows files from its music store to be played on Apple's iPod, in a series of print, radio and online advertising, the company said in a statement on Tuesday. In addition, Real will hold what it calls the biggest music sale in history selling songs for US #36;0.49 and albums for  #36;4.99.
0	Britain arrests 8 suspects linked to US terror alert Accused of conspiring to commit murder. Alleged Al-Qa #39;ida operative charged with possessing plans of US financial institutions ...
3	Begging for trouble on security Securify founder Taher Elgamal says a patchwork mentality has effectively turned network security into an IT budget black hole.
1	Hamm of U.S. Wins Men's Gymnastics All-Around Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm (U.S.) won the men's  gymnastics individual all-around gold medal at the Olympics on  Wednesday.
1	Greek pair jump to avoid push The Greek sprinters Kostantinos Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou  facing sanctions after missing drugs tests  quit the Games yesterday to avoid the humiliation of being thrown out by the IOC. 
1	 #39;Peg psychologist helps Ford focus ATHENS -- Of the 10,000 athletes in the Athens Olympics, David Ford may be the only one who brought his own personal psychologist.  quot;Probably, quot; Roger Friesen said. 
"2	Stocks Dip as Oil Soars; Google Shines NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slid on Thursday, ending  four days of gains as oil prices continued their march higher,  but Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; created a buzz as shares of the  Internet search company surged on their debut."
2	Clinton: Ex-President Inaugurates China-Backed Internet Search &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former President Bill Clinton helped launch a new Internet search firm that claims better results for its engine than Google (nasdaq: GOOG - news - people ). The firm is called Accoona, from the Swahili phrase 
2	Making Free IPods Pay Off The FreeiPods.com website looks as phony as a \$3 bill. In fact, it's at the forefront of performance-based marketing, as advertisers discover it's more effective to spend \$50 million on gifts than to blow the cash on TV ads. By Leander Kahney.
2	Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the Web #39;s No. 1 search company. 
1	US women back on right track The US Women #39;s National Team did not string together a complete 90 minutes of soccer in beating Japan 2-1 in its Olympic quarterfinal on Friday, however, it was the side #39;s finest performance of the tournament so far.
2	Italy #39;s Parmalat sues ex-auditors Italian food giant Parmalat is suing its former auditors over their dealings with the insolvent group before its near collapse last December. 
2	BA workers approve holiday strike British Airways workers plan to strike for 24 hours during the August Bank Holiday weekend unless a pay row is settled, the GMB union said.
2	Oil Falls to 3-Month Low as Heating-Oil Supplies Probably Rose Crude oil fell to a three-month low on speculation that warm weather and increased refinery production have bolstered US heating-oil stockpiles.
1	Canadian arrested for  #39;interrupting the Games #39; after diving into pool ATHENS (CP) - Olympic organizers increased security inside all sports venues Tuesday after a Canadian spectator climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool. 
1	Federer #39;s Olympics end unexpectedly early with two losses Roger Federer gathered his racket bag and trudged off the court, ignoring fans #39; autograph requests as he headed straight for the exit. 
0	Suspected Militants Kidnap Iraqi Officer-Jazeera (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected militants have kidnapped an\Iraqi intelligence officer in response to the fighting in the\holy city of Najaf, Al Jazeera television reported on Tuesday.
1	Indictment Said Issued in Colo. Scandal (AP) AP - A state grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, according to a published report.
3	Rover discovers clues of water on Mars surface After months of crossing a vast Martian crater floor and zigzagging up low-slung hills, NASA #39;s Spirit rover has spotted its first hint that water once coursed across the now-desert-like region, scientists said Wednesday. 
1	Cyclist gets gold plus the record ATHENS Capping a perfect year, Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand set a stunning world record and won Olympic gold to add to her world title in the three-kilometer pursuit on Sunday.
2	Parmalat Sues Grant Thornton and Deloitte Italian-based Parmalat is suing its former auditors -- Grant Thornton International and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu -- for billions of dollars in damages. Parmalat blames its demise on the two companies #39; mismanagement of its finances. 
3	Watchdog attacks ID card scheme Proposals for identity cards and a population register are opposed by Britain's information watchdog.
1	Cricket: Anderson offers England victory as Windies lose Lara &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : James Anderson took the crucial wickets of Chris Gayle and Brian Lara as England pressed for victory in the fourth Test against the West Indies at the Oval here.
1	Possible Eighth Medal Chance for Phelps ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps's chances of winning a  record eight medals at the Athens Olympics were given a big  boost on Thursday when U.S. team officials said he might swim  the heats of the 4x100 medley relay.
3	Progress Cargo Ship Launched From Russia (AP) AP - A Russian cargo ship loaded with supplies and equipment blasted off from the Baikonour cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday headed for the international space station, a Russian space official said.
1	Judges suspended for scoring error, but Hamm keeps gold Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Paul Hamm will get to keep his gold medal for the all-around competition, even though the International Gymnastics Federation announced the suspension of three judges for a scoring error that would have given 
3	Google rises in market debut The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday approved Google Inc.'s IPO plans, and the company's stock jumped 20 on its first day of trading on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
3	Japanese Lunar Probe Mission Facing Delays TOKYO (AP) -- A lunar orbiter that Japan had planned to launch this year could face further delays, possibly until next year or later, because of a funding shortfall and problems developing the probe's information-gathering capabilities, Japan's space agency said Wednesday.    The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, released a report to a government-run commission explaining expected delays to the launch of the \$135 million Lunar-A probe...
1	Van Basten entrusts Dutch captaincy to Davids AMSTERDAM, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Midfielder Edgar Davids #39;s leadership qualities and never-say-die attitude have earned him the captaincy of the Netherlands under new coach Marco van Basten. 
1	Owners Extend Selig Owners vote to extend Bud Selig's term as baseball commissioner for three years through 2009 in a unanimous vote Thursday.
3	Cassini Probe Discovers Tiny Saturnian Moons Two tiny moons orbiting Saturn -- each measuring around two miles in diameter -- are the latest discovery of the Cassini spacecraft. They are located between the orbits of moons Mimas and Enceladus, a surprise to scientists who thought such ...
1	Hall upset over snub ATHENS  Gary Hall Jr. resurfaced for the first time since being left off the medal race in the 4x100-meter sprint relay last weekend, and as expected, he had an opinion. 
0	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction.
1	Tourists award gold to Athens ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympic hosts are winning rave reviews after the first week of the Athens Games, with foreign visitors expressing delight with the friendly, clean and well-organised Greek capital. 
1	Els targets improved putting after Whistling Straits woes LONDON, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display at this week #39;s WGC-NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio after the disappointment of tying for fourth at the US PGA Championship on Sunday. 
"2	Lamy Strong Candidate for WTO Job-USTR WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. trade officials said on Tuesday  that former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy would  be a """"strong candidate"""" to lead the World Trade Organization,  but stopped short of formally endorsing him."
1	Redskins Execute, Roll The Redskins were crisp on offense and defense, holding the ball for 41 minutes and allowing 98 total yards in a complete 17-0 victory in Miami.
3	News: Slow-moving lawsuits over music downloads producing court twists The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
3	Health Highlights: Aug. 17, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----     Arizona Leads Nation in West Nile Cases      Thousands of abandoned swimming pools, along with irrigation canals and other prime breeding sites for mosquitoes in Phoenix, have made Arizona the state hardest hit by West Nile virus this year.      Arizona has accounted for at least 290 of more than 500 reported cases of West Nile virus in the United States so far in 2004...
3	Sony PSP Pushed Back to June 2005? August 18, 2004 - CNN #39;s latest Game Over column suggests that Sony may delay the US release of the PSP to June 2005: Activision CEO Bobby Kotick told investors yesterday that his company does not expect the PSP to launch in North America until the second ...
1	Meares, Hoy win cycling gold in record times Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Track cyclists Anna Meares of Australia and Chris Hoy of Great Britain won time trial gold medals Friday afternoon with record times. 
0	Praying for Sistani #39;s Good Health ast week, the Iraqi city of Najaf teetered between hopes for a truce and threats of an all-out government assault to rout the rebel Islamic cleric Moktada al-Sadr.
2	Activities Slowly Resume in Florida Schools Hit Hard by Storm The Lemon Bay Manta Rays were not going to let a hurricane get in the way of football. On Friday, they headed to the practice field for the first time in eight 
0	Pakistan sweep nets bomb suspects Pakistan has arrested more than five suspects in a plot to bomb several high-profile targets in Islamabad, including the US Embassy and the official residences of Pakistan #39;s president, Gen.
1	Day 6 Roundup: China back on winning track After two days of gloom, China was back on the winning rails on Thursday with Liu Chunhong winning a weightlifting title on her record-shattering binge and its shuttlers contributing two golds in the cliff-hanging finals. 
1	Italy Lights the Path for the Olympic Torch ROME (Reuters) - Christmas on the island of Sicily, New  Year's eve at the bay of Naples.
2	Wal-Mart Unit Passes Rival in Britain Asda, a unit of Wal-Mart, has overtaken Marks   Spencer as Britains biggest clothing retailer, industry figures showed.
2	Best Asian Tourism Destinations The new APMF survey of the best Asian tourism destinations has just kicked off, but it's crowded at the top, with Chiang Mai in Thailand just leading from perennial favourites Hong Kong, Bangkok and Phuket in Thailand, and Bali in  Indonesia. Be one of the first to vote and let us know your reasons.
2	Argentina to tackle tax 'evaders' The government of Buenos Aires, the richest province of Argentina, says it wants to seize the safety deposit boxes of 35,000 alleged tax debtors. 
1	Redskins cut former starter Ohalete ASHBURN, Va. (AP) -- He was demoted to third string a couple weeks ago, didn #39;t do exactly what the coaches wanted and was coming off a bad game. Ifeanyi Ohalete knew what was coming next. 
3	South African telephone monopoly to go ahead with lay-offs despite court ban (AFP) AFP - South African fixed line monopoly Telkom vowed to go ahead with plans to cut 4,000 jobs despite a court injunction forcing the state-run enterprise to seek agreement with the unions.
2	Japan #39;s Topix Index Gains; Retailers Led by Daiei Inc. Advance Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Japanese retail stocks rose as Daiei Inc. surged on optimism a possible investment by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. may help it avoid going to a government bailout agency. 
1	AL: Paul, Guerrero, Erstad Guide Angels to Win (Reuters) Reuters - Josh Paul, Vladimir Guerrero and Darin\Erstad hit multi-run homers to lead the Anaheim Angels to a\10-7 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in St. Petersburg\Thursday.
2	Airline, pilots trying for deal US Airways and its pilots #39; union failed to announce a tentative labor agreement on Friday, but both sides said they remained optimistic that a bargain would be struck soon.
0	British military to get first Muslim chaplain: report (AFP) AFP - Britain's army forces are to get their first Muslim chaplain, a defense ministry source was quoted as saying.
1	Hearn Earns First Nationwide Tour Victory (AP) AP - David Hearn of Canada earned his first Nationwide Tour victory Sunday, closing with a 1-under 71 and beating David Mckenzie by a stroke at the Alberta Classic.
1	Tributes paid to Belgium #39;s  #39;magic #39; football coach The Belgian press paid tribute to Raymond Goethals on Tuesday, describing him as the magician and looking back on his teams many victories.
2	Google makes market debut IN A debut vaguely reminiscent of the dot.com boom, shares of internet search giant Google surged in their first day of public trading. 
3	Cassini finds two more Saturn moons NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new Saturn moons, the smallest yet found among its dozens of natural satellites. 
"3	Antiwar Protesters Told  Shop Till You Drop, Too New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has decided that if antiwar protesters are to descend on his city by the hundreds of thousands for the Republican Convention, he may as well turn them into shoppers. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2""""\ color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
3	Exercise -- the Real Fountain of Youth Want to age gracefully? Keep moving. Regular exercise can reduce the risk of chronic disease -- such as heart trouble, diabetes, even cancer -- and keep you feeling and looking younger as you age.
2	Vanguard closes international fund SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Responding to a torrent of new money into its top-performing Vanguard International Explorer fund, the Vanguard Group closed the foreign stock portfolio Thursday to new investors. 
0	Donsanjh still nixing pharmacare, but premiers plan meeting to refine program (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - In his first public address as federal health minister, Ujjal Dosanjh carefully toed the government line on Monday, saying Ottawa is prepared to invest more money in medicare to reduce waiting times, but not by sponsoring a national pharmacare program demanded by the provinces. But even as he was speaking, Saskatchewan's premier said in Regina that provincial premiers will meet one more time to flesh out the details of the proposed pharmacare program before taking their idea to Prime Minister Paul Martin.
3	Chinadotcom #39;s Text-Messages Suspended Chinadotcom Corp. said Friday that China #39;s state-controlled wireless carrier fined the company \$160,000 and suspended its text-message services on charges that the cell-phone service provider #39;s Go2joy unit 
1	Greece Shamed Again at Their Own Games ATHENS (Reuters) - The Greeks were shamed again at their  own Olympics on Sunday when bronze medal weightlifter Leonidas  Sampanis was kicked out after failing a dope test.
3	Heat waves set to become 'brutal' Heat waves in the 21st Century will be more intense, more frequent and longer, US experts say.
2	HP to Buy Synstar Hewlett-Packard will pay \$297 million for the British company. Also: TiVo goes all out to attract customers   hellip;. Sprint offers service guarantees for business wireless subscribers   hellip;. and more.
0	Report: Palestinians, Israel Back Peace Plan CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinians and Israelis have agreed in  principle to proposals aiming to end their conflict, Egypt's  official news agency MENA said Tuesday.
1	Dolphins Player Pleads Innocent to Assault (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins receiver David Boston pleaded innocent Tuesday to charges of assaulting a ticket agent at the Burlington International Airport in October.
2	The Missing Shoppers Something odd happened on the way to global recovery. The shoppers are not turning out the way they normally do when things start to look up.
2	Are Pests Plaguing PETsMART? Sales were lower than expected, and the quality of earnings is in question.
0	Consumer Prices Fall As Gas Costs Drop WASHINGTON - Consumer prices, which have been buffeted this year by soaring energy costs, fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline costs posted their biggest decline in eight months, the government reported Tuesday.    The Labor Department said the decline in its closely watched Consumer Price Index was the first decrease since a 0.2 percent drop last November, a decline which also reflected a decline in energy costs...
2	Lenovo, IBM may soon reveal PC unit deal DECEMBER 07, 2004 (REUTERS) - China #39;s largest PC maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM #39;s PC-making business for up to \$2 billion, a source familiar with the situation said.
1	Rose Takes Big Tax Hit Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes.
1	Greek Athlete Tests Positive for Drugs ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow on  Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the  Olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out  of the Games in a doping scandal.
1	NL Wrap: Ramirez Lifts Cubs Over Astros After Wood Exit Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in Houston on Sunday.
1	Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on the Carolina Panthers.
1	Puerto Rico Upsets United States Men The United States men's basketball team lost to Puerto Rico, 92-73. The loss could put the American gold medal hopes in jeopardy.
2	Money Funds Fell in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;1.17 billion in the latest week to  #36;849.98 trillion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
2	Asia feels the pain of oil prices Governments around the region are warning that rising oil prices have started to hurt their economies.
3	Many engineers lack a four-year degree The news comes as some observers warn that the United States needs to focus more on training scientists and engineers.
1	Patterson makes it an all-around sweep for US Two decades later, it #39;s time to make room for Carly Patterson as America #39;s next reigning champion of Olympic women #39;s gymnastics. 
1	Selig Receives Three-Year Extension (Reuters) Reuters - Owners on Thursday\unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner\Bud Selig for three years through 2009.
3	FDA Approves New Device to Clear Blood Clots By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The first device to remove blood clots from the brains of people suffering strokes - a new treatment option that could save lives and shave the \$53 billion annual bill to treat strokes, has been approved by the government.    In 80 percent of strokes, a blood vessel in the brain becomes clogged by a blood clot, increasing the chance of severe disability or death...
2	Lawsuits hold good news for investors If you are looking for the most interesting fallout from the mutual fund scandals of the past year, don't go looking in old headlines. Look instead at some fairly new court cases.
1	Pacers #39; Foster Activated From Injured List Indianapolis, IN -- Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after undergoing hip surgery in October.
3	Microsoft delays automatic XP SP2 delivery SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft Corp. has pushed back automatic distribution of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to allow business users more time to instruct their machines to skip the update.
1	Calf Problem Rules Ruud Out Of Turkish Trip Ruud van Nistelrooy will not travel to Turkey for United #39;s Champions League group D finale against Fenerbahce. The Dutch striker missed out on Saturday #39;s 3-0 win over Southampton at Old Trafford, and Sir Alex 
3	Google Slashes IPO Price Range (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on\Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited\initial public offering to between  #36;85 and  #36;95 per share from\ #36;108 to  #36;135 per share.
3	Google IPO Is Small Hurdle Vs Growing Competition (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc., on the last leg of its\race to sell shares to the public, is facing more rivals, large\and small, trying to unseat it as the Web's most popular search\destination.
2	Oil prices hit new high - and more to come Crude oil prices will top \$US50 (\$A69) a barrel for the first time this week, despite a slight fall in New York on Friday night, some analysts have predicted.
1	Reds' Graves Placed on DL With Sore Back (AP) AP - Cincinnati Reds closer Danny Graves was placed on the 15-day disabled list Friday because of lower back spasms that flared up during his last outing.
3	Storm-tossed counties to head back to school That #39;s what happened to Charlotte High School because of Hurricane Charley. A complex with 2,200 students, slightly bigger than Tallahassee #39;s largest high school, was demolished Aug. 13 by ferocious 
"2	Dillard's Loss Narrows But Off Estimates NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dillard's Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;DDS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  reported a narrower quarterly loss as it cut costs, but a drop  in same-store sales caused the latest results to miss Wall  Street's estimates by a wide margin."
0	Tibetans say Dalai Lama may not return in this life It is 45 years since Tibet #39;s god-king, the Dalai Lama, fled his homeland on horseback as Chinese shells rained down on his capital.
1	Sanders excites Ravens The Baltimore Ravens are excited about the prospect of having Deion Sanders come out of retirement and be a part of their defensive backfield. The question now is: Will he take them up on their offer?
1	Engelsman, Lenton surge to 50m semis Australians Michelle Engelsman and Libby Lenton have both qualified for the women #39;s 50 metres freestyle semi-finals at the Athens Olympics. 
3	WinXP SP2 Home Edition To Be Available On Automatic Update Aug 18 Microsoft #39;s channel partners are getting set to put out fires when Windows XP Service Pack 2 becomes available to consumers over the Windows Update service on Wednesday. 
1	Singh Wins Playoff and P.G.A. Title Several players outplayed Vijay Singh on Sunday, but nobody outlasted him at the 86th P.G.A. Championship.
1	Lara must lead by example or face losing the captaincy The West Indian players and their supporters must be sick to death of reading comments that are highly critical of the way they have played in this series. 
1	NL Wrap: Bonds Homers Again as Giants Rout Expos (Reuters) Reuters - Barry Bonds hit his third home\run in two days to help the San Francisco Giants earn a split\of their doubleheader with a 14-4 win over the Montreal Expos\on Wednesday.
2	Stent recalls could hit inventory The three recalls of Boston Scientific Corp. cardiac stents since July 2 affected many more units than the company has previously disclosed, raising concerns among stock analysts about future inventory levels.
1	Tigers #39; Monroe facing theft charge in Charlotte County Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a \$29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte County jail said Tuesday.
3	An Aspirin a Day -- Good Medicine For Many Most people have heard that taking a small dose of aspirin a day is good for the heart. Doctors routinely recommend it for patients who've had a heart attack or stroke, and studies show its blood-thinning affects can help prevent a repeat of such potentially deadly cardiovascular events.
2	FAA: Flight-Reduction Deal Set for O #39;Hare WASHINGTON Aug. 18, 2004  Federal officials have reached a temporary agreement to ease congestion at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport that calls for a reduction of 37 daily arrivals by United Airlines and American Airlines, officials said ...
1	Patterson overcomes low vault score to win all-around gold ATHENS, Greece  In gymnastics style and personality, it was like watching an American high school cheerleader bringing down the Russian prima ballerina, a dynamo dusting off a diva. At night #39;s end, US teenager Carly Patterson simply ...
3	EC puts off decision on Microsoft, Time Warner deal Regulators could still launch an investigation into the two titans' acquisition of ContentGuard, a digital rights company.
2	Judges rule file-sharing software legal update A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial court decision that said file-sharing software programs such as Grokster or Morpheus are legal. 
3	Update 4: Two Firms Cleared of Swapping Violations In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works their users swap online.
1	Brugnetti Strides to First Gold in 20km Walk ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Ivano Brugnetti strode to victory in the first athletics final of the Athens Olympics on Friday with a commanding performance in the men #39;s 20km walk. 
2	Google Lowers Its Sights as Demand Proves Weak Google's final share price was \$85, far off the target range of \$108 to \$135 a share that the company projected last month.
"2	BJ's Profit Rises; Food, Gas Sales Strong CHICAGO (Reuters) - BJ's Wholesale Club Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;BJ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday posted higher quarterly profit as soaring gasoline  prices and strong demand for food boosted sales."
2	NY Atty General Spitzer to Run for Gov. NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer will announce on Tuesday he will run for governor of  the state in 2006, a spokeswoman said.
1	MLB, players #39; union engage in steroid talks CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Major League Baseball players and owners are currently meeting to hammer out a deal that would toughen rules on steroid testing in baseball.
3	Two Firms Cleared of Swapping Violations (AP) AP - The makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works swapped online by their users, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday in a stinging blow to the entertainment industry.
2	Nikkei Falls Over 1 Pct on Oil Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell more than one percent\by mid-morning on Monday as investors stepped up selling of\exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. amid growing fears of the\impact of surging oil prices on the global economy.
3	Auction Remains Dutch Mainstay Google #39;s so-called Dutch auction may have intrigued Wall Street, but nobody here was buying it, figuratively or literally. Instead, Dutch people, the butts 
3	Helicopter Stunt Pilots to Snag Stardust for NASA NASA has recruited two Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots for an especially tricky maneuver -- snagging a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to Earth next month, mission managers said on Thursday.
1	A Note to Lula: Haiti Is in Brazil The English writer George Orwell once expressed doubts about the wisdom of sports contests as a way of bringing nations together. He was writing during the Cold War when the sports arena became a substitute battlefield between the West and East. 
3	Researchers find holes in XP SP2 Security researchers found two software flaws in the Windows XP Service Pack 2 that could allow virus writers and malicious hackers to sidestep new security features in the operating system.
1	Outfielder Shane Spencer Rejoins Yankees Recently released outfielder Shane Spencer rejoined the Yankees on Monday, signing a minor league contract after working out at their spring training complex.
0	Insurers Object to a Major Part of Medicare Law Private insurers have told the Bush administration that they will not expand their role in Medicare if they have to serve large multistate regions.
1	Pitcher presumably suffered injury on two-run single PHILADELPHIA -- Considering the number of times Andy Pettitte and Roger Clemens were mentioned in the same breath this year, perhaps it #39;s only fitting they should both make headlines with their respective injuries on the same ...
1	Michael Phelps: A very nice guy finishes first At 8:41 pm Thursday, Greek time, Michael Phelps was on the medal stand, the champion of the 200-meter individual medley. He was wearing his official 
2	The Age of Doom In 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. It's about to get far creepier
2	Taxing bodies must approve lawsuit GALESBURG - Knox County State #39;s Attorney Paul Mangieri, discussing a lawsuit he plans to file against Maytag Corp., said Tuesday he was shocked when the company announced in October 2002 it was closing the Galesburg Refrigeration Products ...
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move  that drew a cautious response Tuesday from Washington.
3	Earth is Rare, New Study Suggests (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Flip a coin. Heads, Earth is a common sort of planet. Tails, and ours is as unusual as a coin landing on edge. That's about the state of knowledge for scientists who ponder the question of our planet's rarity.
2	August Mid-Atlantic Factory Output Slows (Reuters) Reuters - Output at U.S. Mid-Atlantic factories\slowed in August as new orders dropped sharply, suggesting\recent weakness in the economy is likely to persist into coming\months.
1	Taylor Is Moving Closer A penchant for making big plays and the recent release of Ifeanyi Ohalete has ripped open the door for rookie Sean Taylor to claim a starting spot.
3	HP denies Itanium change cost it sales HP BOSS Ann Livermore said that the move to Itanium was not responsible for HP #39;s sales slump. Livermore, who managed to avoid an axe wielding Carly Fiorina this week as sales in the bits of the company she manages plummeted, said that killing the Alpha ...
1	NBA Jazz activate Spanish guard Lopez (AFP) AFP - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, a Spaniard who has missed the past two months while battling torn right knee ligaments, was activated by the National Basketball Association club.
1	Throwbacks: Gannon, Collins in good form Rich Gannon , the 2002 NFL MVP who was knocked out of the Raiders' loss to Kansas City last Oct. 20 and had shoulder surgery in November, was 9 for 15 for 69 yards in visiting Oakland's 33-30 exhibition win over the San Francisco 49ers last night.
2	Ex-Enron CEO Seeks Separate Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Lawyers for former Enron Corp.\(ENRNQ.PK) chief executive Jeffrey Skilling on Friday asked a\federal court to separate his trial from his former boss Ken\Lay's on charges linked to the downfall of the energy company.
3	Locusts ravage northern Nigeria The locusts swarming across West Africa reach  northern Nigeria, devastating fields of crops.
1	Stricken Washington guard announces return to court Twenty months after her teammates helped save her life when her heart stopped, Kayla Burt said Tuesday she plans to again play basketball for Washington in the 2004-05 season. 
3	Brief: SAP users warned of false support calls SAP AG is warning customers not to provide confidential information on the phone to people claiming to be company support staff.
2	Air Canada Creditors Clear Carrier #39;s Bankruptcy Plan (Update2) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Air Canada creditors including a General Electric Co. unit and Deutsche Bank AG cleared a plan that gives them most of the company #39;s equity when the carrier emerges from bankruptcy protection at the end of September. 
2	Chief economist leaving Bank One Diane Swonk, for years one of the most visible executives at Bank One, said Thursday she #39;s resigning as its chief economist as of Sept. 30. 
3	I spy with my little... This state-of-the-art spy helicopter features its own computer, a digital camera and Bluetooth wireless technology so it can transmit instant pictures.
1	McGahee Pressures Bills According to the Associated Press, second-year running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not named the starter for opening day.
3	New bird species discovered LONDON - A new species of flightless bird has been discovered on a remote island in the northern Philippines, Filipino and British researchers announced Tuesday. 
"2	Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO NEW YORK/SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; shares  made their long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday, rising  sharply to \$100 after an initial public offering marked by  missteps and lackluster market conditions."
0	Illinois Helps Residents Import Drugs (Reuters) Reuters - Illinois residents will soon gain\access to lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United\Kingdom and Ireland, sidestepping U.S. regulators' objections\to imported drugs, Gov. Rod Blagojevich said on Tuesday.
2	Delta CEO presents long-awaited plan to board CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein presented his long-awaited plan for the airline #39;s future to board members on Wednesday, a strategy that could determine whether the struggling carrier ...
3	Attachmate Heightens Security, Centralises Management and Brings Microsoft Usability to Host Access with EXTRA! ... Specialist in productivity-enhancing host access, Attachmate, today announces the launch of  #39;next generation #39; emulation with EXTRA! Mainframe Server Edition version 8.0 for Windows XP. EXTRA! Mainframe Server Edition offers: 1) complete security framework ...
1	Let gymnasts be kids, not athletic lab rats DAY 6: Canadian sprinter Macro-man (Nic Macrozonaris) told a news conference yesterday that he had a dream in which he won the 100-metre sprint in 9.83 seconds. He has never broken 10 seconds flat. 
3	First Look at Quicken 2005 Intuit tweaks personal finance tool's usability, but update isn't essential if you're running a recent version.
2	Competition probe would see Santander turn its back on Abbey Banco Santander would walk away from its 8.2bn offer for Abbey National, the mortgage bank, if a rival bid from one or more UK banks led to a lengthy investigation by the competition authorities.
"0	Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority has made """"mistakes,"""" but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.    In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers..."
3	New PC Is Created Just for Teenagers (AP) AP - This isn't your typical, humdrum, slate-colored computer. Not only is the PC known as the hip-e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy pink fur. Or a leopard skin design. Or a graffiti-themed pattern.
2	Stocks surge amid upbeat outlooks NEW YORK -- A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's helped send stocks sharply higher yesterday, with the swing exaggerated by thin late summer trading. The Dow Jones industrials surged nearly 130 points.
3	Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses Research In Motion's BlackBerry e-mail and data services will be carried on Sprint's networks.
0	British Airways plane makes emergency landing in Montreal (AFP) AFP - A British Airways 747 en route from Phoenix, Arizona to London made an emergency landing in Montreal following a mechanical problem with the plane, a company spokesman told AFP.
1	Nhleko Scores As Burn Beat MetroStars 1-0 (AP) AP - Reserve forward Toni Nhleko knocked in a header one minute into stoppage time, leading the Dallas Burn to a 1-0 victory over the first-place MetroStars on Sunday.
1	Marlins Defeat Dodgers 4-2 (AP) AP - Miguel Cabrera homered and Mike Lowell singled home the go-ahead run, helping the Florida Marlins beat the Dodgers 4-2 on Monday night in Paul Lo Duca's return to Los Angeles.
1	2 steps back in Texas ARLINGTON, Texas -- All of a sudden, the Indians #39; prolific offense has been reduced to shambles. And, remember phenom left-hander Cliff Lee, who won 10 games before the All-Star break? He #39;s seemingly forgotten how to pitch. 
1	Olympics: Venus out of Olympics ATHENS : Title-holder Venus Williams of the United States crashed out of the Olympic women #39;s singles tennis tournament here losing a third round tie 6-4, 6-4 to France #39;s Mary Pierce. 
1	QBs Grab Spotlight Chris Simms, the Buccaneers second-year pro competing for Tampa Bay's No. 2 job, completed 12 of 15 passes for 110 yards to help the Bucs to a 20-6 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday.
1	Our performance was 100 per cent #39; SCHINIAS, GreeceFor a few anxious moments, not knowing the colour of the Olympic medal he had just won was the best part of these Games for Canadian rowing star Barney Williams.
"3	Why Windows isn't Unix \\""""I first heard about this from one of the developers of the hit game SimCity, who\told me that there was a critical bug in his application: it used memory right\after freeing it, a major no-no that happened to work OK on DOS but would not\work under Windows where memory that is freed is likely to be snatched up by\another running application right away. The testers on the Windows team were\going through various popular applications, testing them to make sure they\worked OK, but SimCity kept crashing. They reported this to the Windows\developers, who disassembled SimCity, stepped through it in a debugger, found\the bug, and added special code that checked if SimCity was running, and if it\did ...\\"
3	Gartner: 'Steer away' from cheap Windows XP That's the research firm's verdict on Microsoft's stripped-down Starter Edition for developing countries.
"3	Americans and Freedom \\""""When we Americans first began, our biggest danger was clearly in view: we knew\from the bitter experience with King George III that the most serious threat to\democracy is usually the accumulation of too much power in the hands of an\Executive, whether he be a King or a president. Our ingrained American distrust\of concentrated power has very little to do with the character or persona of the\individual who wields that power. It is the power itself that must be\constrained, checked, dispersed and carefully balanced, in order to ensure the\survival of freedom. In addition, our founders taught us that public fear is the\most dangerous enemy of democracy because under the right circumstances it ...\\"
3	EDS settles contract dispute with U.K.'s NHS The U.K. National Health Service and Electronic Data Systems reached a settlement after the NHS terminated a contract for the company to supply a secure e-mail and directory system.
2	U.S. Stocks Gain as Oil Eases NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks made gains in light volume  on Friday as investors were encouraged about the prospects for  corporate profits after oil prices eased from their peak.
2	Hundreds Report Watch-List Trials For more than a year and a half, Rep. John Lewis has endured lengthy delays at the ticket counter, intense questioning by airline employees and suspicious glances by fellow passengers.
1	Ainge is waitin' for Payton During a press conference yesterday, Celtics director of basketball operations Danny Ainge answered his cell phone, turned to the audience of reporters, and said,  quot;Hold on, it's Gary Payton. quot; It was an obvious joke, but also wishful thinking.
1	Beach Volleyball: Cook Propels Australia to Win ATHENS (Reuters) - Twice Olympic beach volleyball medallist  Natalie Cook helped new team mate Nicole Sanderson battle  nerves to propel Australia to a 21-19, 17-21, 17-15 win against  China Monday.
1	Ht England 1 Ukraine 0 Beckham turned provided 10 minutes before the break after Gerrard had been felled as he surged forward, curling a free-kick to the far post where Neville rose to power a header straight at Shovkovsky. 
1	Golfer Ryan Baca Misses Cut at US Amateur MAMARONECK, NY - Baylor senior Ryan Baca (Richmond, Texas) finished tied for 128th with a 36-hole total of 155 at the 104th US Amateur golf championship at the 7,266-yard, par-70 Winged Foot Golf Club West Course Tuesday. 
1	U.S. Tries to Rebound From Loss in Athens (AP) AP - Greetings from the Olympic men's basketball tournament, where America is tied for last place with Angola, Australia, New Zealand, China and the defending world champions from Serbia-Montenegro.
2	SEC Bars Mutual Fund Payoffs to Brokers WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission pushed ahead on Wednesday with reforms of the \$7.5-trillion mutual fund industry amid scandals that have shaken fund investors #39; confidence. 
3	Monkeys test 'hardworking gene' Scientists in the United States find a way to turn lazy monkeys into workaholics using gene therapy.
3	Tech industry split in its political donations Tech industry political action committees and employees from computer and Internet companies have contributed just over \$1.6 million to President George Bush, and almost the same amount to Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry.
1	Greek Soccer Out of Olympic Running The recently crowned European Champions are out of the running for a medal in men #39;s soccer. In the group rounds, Greece lost to Mexico 2:3 and watched as its favorite sons had to give up a chance for a gold to teams like Mali, South Korea, Iraq and ...
1	Fourth gold for Pinsent Britain's Matthew Pinsent claims his fourth Olympic gold as the men's coxless four triumph in a photo finish.
1	Biffle Dominates at GFS Marketplace 400 Greg Biffle drove to an easy victory, pulling away from gambling teammate Mark Martin at the end of the Nascar Nextel Cup race Sunday in Michigan.
3	Megapixels Gone Mad? Sony's new Cyber-shot P150 raises the bar for high-resolution cameras at affordable prices.
3	Sun's Looking Glass Provides 3D View (PC World) PC World - Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
2	Reshaping a Reshaper of Landscapes The Rouse Company, the mall developer that has reshaped the nation's landscape, agreed to be acquired by General Growth Properties for \$7.2 billion in cash.
2	Seiyu posts first half net loss on slower sales, higher costs (AFP) AFP - Japanese supermarket chain Seiyu, controlled by US retail giant Wal-Mart, said it incurred a net loss in the first half to June on the back of slow sales and early retirement costs.
1	U.S. Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal With spectacular performances on his final two events, American Paul Hamm pulled out one of the biggest comebacks in Olympic gymnastic history.
2	Air Canada gets green light from creditors After more than 16 months of restructuring, Air Canada #39;s creditors overwhelming endorsed the airline #39;s new business plan during a meeting at a Montreal hotel Tuesday. 
1	Phelps adds 200-medley to his tally of gold ATHENS  Michael Phelps certainly will not beat Mark Spitz #39;s record seven Olympic swimming gold medals in Munich in 1972, but the American youngster is still racking up the gold in Athens. 
1	Roddick escapes, but not Federer ATHENS, Greece  Andy Roddick #39;s biggest obstacle to winning the gold medal was Roger Federer, the world #39;s No. 1 player and winner of two of the past three Grand Slam tournaments. So Tuesday, when Federer uncharacteristically lost the magic ...
1	Ramirez Hits 3-Run Homer, Cubs Beat Astros (AP) AP - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer, Moises Alou also homered and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 11-6 on Sunday in the testy conclusion of a three-game series between the NL Central rivals.
1	Cyclists find fast track as competition begins ATHENS, Greece -- Erin Mirabella of the United States predicted a fast track for the opening day of track cycling competition at the Olympic Velodrome on Friday. 
3	Blu-ray burns for interactive content Flashy features could tempt consumers--and that tempts Hollywood, which could help Blu-ray beat out a rival technology.
1	England, Germany Win Cup Qualifying Preps (AP) AP - Looking to rebound after poor showings in Euro 2004, England and Germany won tuneup games Wednesday in preparation for qualifiers for the 2006 World Cup.
"1	Olympics: Thorpe Wins 'Race of the Century' ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Ian Thorpe won the gold  medal in the men's 200 meters freestyle, dubbed the """"race of  the century,"""" at the Athens Olympics on Monday."
"3	'Madden,' 'ESPN' Football Score in Different Ways PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Was absenteeism a little high  on Tuesday among the guys at the office? EA Sports would like  to think it was because """"Madden NFL 2005"""" came out that day,  and some fans of the football simulation are rabid enough to  take a sick day to play it."
3	Global LCD Oversupply to Peak -Report SEOUL (Reuters) - Excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays (LCDs) are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a US research firm said on Friday. 
3	Future Flyers: Pushing Forward for Personal Aircraft (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Ask science fiction fans about the future and no doubt they'll tell you it's full of flying cars.
1	Major League Approves Baseball Channel for TV LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved  the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to  America's favorite pastime, but regular-season games may be  confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top  league official said on Friday.
1	Giant Gilles slays Andre WASHINGTON: Luxembourg #39;s Gilles Muller stunned top-seeded Andre Agassi 6-4, 7-5 to reach the final of the Washington Classic on Saturday, depriving the American veteran an opportunity of picking up a sixth victory at this event.
1	Selig gets three-year extension Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 yesterday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a World Cup tournament.
0	As countdown goes on, so does the killing SO, JUST the nine days to go. Nine days for the Sudanese government to clean up its act, disarm the Janjaweed militia and make Darfur safe for the 1.2 million people driven from their homes by the campaign 
3	Mystery of Wales turtle 'solved' Scientists think they may know why the world's largest leatherback turtle was washed up on a Welsh beach.
1	Revolution lack magic touches FOXBOROUGH -- Taylor Twellman regained his scoring touch last night, but the Revolution squandered the lead in falling, 2-1, to the Kansas City Wizards, their first loss since July 4.
2	SEC Leaves Google Waiting on IPO Go Ahead NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US regulators on Tuesday did not give Google Inc. the green light it needs to price its initial public offering, extending the wait for the Web search giant #39;s eagerly anticipated market ...
3	Linux Desktop Needs PC Vendor Support (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: If the Linux desktop is ever to be more than a niche player, it needs a hand from PC vendors, including real support from the ones that already claim to back it.
3	Symantec Updates SOHO Gear To Battle Against Worms, Phishing Symantec on Tuesday introduced versions of its consumer and small business security software with updates that protect against network-scanning worms such as Sasser, and keep phishing attacks at bay. 
0	Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority had made mistakes, but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more at deflecting criticism about his corrupt government than making real changes.    In a decade at the helm of the Palestinian Authority, Arafat has resisted attempts to get him to fight official corruption, reform the security services and relinquish some of his near-absolute powers...
"3	Simultaneous Tropical Storms are Very Rare The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane - or possibly two hurricanes - could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen. """"It's almost unheard of,"""" state meteorologist Ben Nelson said."
3	Scientists Probe Pacific Ocean for Dead Zones His hand on a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, Oregon State University graduate student Anthony Kirincich uses an array of scientific instruments to probe the vibrant waters of the Pacific. He is searching for the absence of life.
1	Law: No feud with coach CINCINNATI -- Ty Law responded last night to reports published last week that he and coach Bill Belichick were feuding over a bonus for showing up at training camp in shape.
1	Gagne blows his 2d save Pinch-hitter Lenny Harris delivered a three-run double off Eric Gagne with two outs in the ninth, rallying the Florida Marlins past the Dodgers, 6-4, last night in Los Angeles.
1	Wood, Baker, Oswalt Tossed From Game (AP) AP - Chicago Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood, manager Dusty Baker and Houston Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt were ejected Sunday during the NL Central rivals' final game of a three-game series.
2	Stocks Close Higher, Dow Above 10,000 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday,  as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought  beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips to close above 10,000  for the first time in 2 weeks.
3	Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 The newest edition of Host Integration Server, which replaces the 2000 version, is designed to make it easier for users to link Windows systems with IBM mainframes and midrange iSeries servers.
1	Possible Eighth Medal Chance for Phelps ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps #39;s chances of winning a record eight medals at the Athens Olympics were given a big boost on Thursday when US team officials said he might swim the heats of the 4x100 medley relay. 
3	HP Execs: Supply Chain, Order Processing Hurt U.S. Q3 Results (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - A week after shaking up its enterprise hardware business following a poor showing last quarter, Hewlett-Packard put its best face forward before more than 7,000 customers and partners at the HP World conference in Chicago.
2	File-sharers win court case TWO FILE SHARING companies have been told by a court that they are not liable for people in their networks swapping illegal content. 
"2	Court Won't Halt Arch Coal's Triton Bid WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Arch Coal Inc &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;ACI.N&lt;/A&gt;. on Friday  pressed forward with its acquisition of rival Triton Coal Co.  LLC after a U.S. appeals court denied an emergency request by  antitrust authorities to block the deal."
2	Treasuries Gain After Tame Inflation NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices rose on Tuesday  after July inflation figures proved subdued and soaring oil  prices pointed to slower U.S. consumer spending down the line.
3	Remy International will sell its Williams Technologies unit Anderson (Star report) -- Remy International Inc. said Wednesday it has agreed to sell its US transmission remanufacturing operation, Williams Technologies Inc., to Caterpillar Inc. 
2	Venezuelan president reshuffles cabinet Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Sunday appointed new ministers of interior and justice and information, a cabinet reshuffle after his victory in a recall referendum.
0	Iraq Conference in Najaf Peace Bid; Oil Well Ablaze BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops and Shi'ite militiamen  battled in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf Monday, just hours  after political and religious leaders in Baghdad agreed to make  a last-ditch appeal for peace.
2	Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google (Reuters) Reuters - Time is running out for prospective\investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc,\the Web's No. 1 search company.
3	Satellite TV Gains in Race Against Cable Thousands of Americans have defected to satellite TV as the providers have reported hefty gains while the cable industry has declined. Consumers likely will see aggressive marketing promotions in the next six months as companies jockey for customers, analysts say.
1	Ruling bars Edwards from Athens competition ATHENS, Greece -- US sprinter Torri Edwards #39; suspension was upheld by a panel of three international arbitrators Tuesday, leaving the reigning 100-meter world champion unable to compete at the Olympics. 
3	Genetic Material May Help Make Nano-Devices: Study (Reuters) Reuters - The genetic building blocks that\form the basis for life may also be used to build the tiny\machines of nanotechnology, U.S. researchers said on Thursday.
2	LifePoint to Buy Rival for \$1 Bln LifePoint Hospitals has agreed to acquire rival Province Healthcare for \$1.125 billion in cash and stock to broaden its geographic reach.
1	US gymnasts double the gold ATHENS, GREECE - Twenty years ago in Los Angeles, it was Mary Lou Retton and the vault without fault. 
"2	Lowe's Reports 18 Pct. Hike in Profits ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 2  home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18 percent  increase in second-quarter profit and said earnings for the  rest of the year would top current estimates."
1	Greece Soul Searches, Phelps Nears Record ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager, prepared to enter the Olympic record books without having to swim a stroke. 
3	Techies Praised for E-Vote Work At a meeting of technologists developing new standards for e-voting systems, the head of the nation's new elections commission lauds computer scientists for the work they're doing on the nation's behalf. By Kim Zetter.
1	Blue Jays Sweep O's Miguel Tejada went 4 for 5 with a homer, three doubles and five RBI for the Orioles, but it could not prevent the O's from being swept by the now hot-hitting Blue Jays, 8-5, on Sunday.
0	GM to Begin Making Cadillacs in China (AP) AP - General Motors said Monday it will start making Cadillacs in China this year, joining a race by foreign luxury car brands to sell to the country's newly rich elite.
1	Woodgate out to prove his worth at Real Madrid Jonathan Woodgate says he has learned from his past mistakes off the pitch and is now determined to make the headlines solely for his footballing prowess after completing a dream move to Real Madrid.
1	Gatlin Wins 100 Sprint America's Justin Gatlin runa the race of his life, barely holding off the field Sunday to win the 100 meters in 9.85 seconds.
0	Harris' Double Leads Marlins Past Dodgers Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne was a bit more special than most...
3	Deep-Sea Vessel Puts Ocean Floor in Reach (AP) AP - A new deep-sea research vessel will be able to carry people to 99 percent of the ocean floor, diving deeper than the famed Alvin that pioneered the study of seafloor vents, plate tectonics and deep ocean creatures over the past 40 years.
1	IOC Taking Back Women's Shot Put Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - Women's Olympic shot put champion Irina  Korzhanenko of Russia will lose her gold medal after testing  positive for a banned steroid, the head of the Russian Olympic  Committee's anti-doping body said Sunday.
1	Giants Edge Expos J.T. Snow singled in the winning run in the ninth to lead the Giants to their sixth straight victory, 5-4, over the Expos on Tuesday night.
2	Japan nuclear firm shuts plants The company running the Japanese nuclear plant hit by a fatal accident is to close its reactors for safety checks.
1	Final scores from 2004 US Amateur Semifinals - Saturday, August 21 ----- Ryan Moore (1) def. Jeff Overton (20), 2 and 1 Luke List (6) def. Chris Nallen (10), 19 Holes.
3	Hubble peers at celestial bubble The Hubble Space Telescope has looked into a bubble of gas and dust being inflated by a young star's particles.
1	Angels Rough Up Loaiza in Win Over Yanks (AP) AP - Jose Guillen and Jeff DaVanon homer off Esteban Loaiza, who failed to make it out of the fourth inning Saturday, as the Anaheim Angels defeated the New York Yankees 6-1 in a storm-interrupted game.
3	Enter your e-mail: Well, here #39;s the next development in the fee-based music download wars: RealNetworks is selling songs for 49 cents apiece through labor day, undercutting the ITunes Music Store #39;s price by 50 cents. 
3	Search Engines and Competitive Research Search engines can tell you a lot about your competition, if you know what to look for. A panel of experts offers tips on profiling your competition.
1	South Africa win Tri-nations title DURBAN, South Africa -- South Africa beat Australia 23-19 to regain the Tri-nations title after a five-year break. Percy Montgomery and wing Breyton Paulse received yellow cards which put the Springboks under 
1	Sampanis confirmed positive The IOC executive board met early on Sunday to rule on the case, which shocked the host nation days after its top sprint pair withdrew after missing an eve-of-Games dope test.
1	Belichick won't issue any passing grades Tom Brady delivered the signature play of the Patriots' first exhibition game. He dropped back, scrambled to his left, and with Eagles defender N.D. Kalu tugging at his jersey, whipped a spinning first down pass to David Patten .
1	Sluggish Seahawks buried by Broncos If last night #39;s Seahawks-Broncos exhibition game was a Super Bowl preview, as some have predicted, the Seahawks are in trouble.
3	AMD #39;s new budget processors AMD #39;s new Sempron range of desktop and notebook CPUs is targeted squarely at Intel #39;s competing Celeron family. 
3	 #39;One in 12 Emails Infected with Virus #39; The number of attempted attacks by computer viruses rocketed in the first half of the year, according to a report published today. 
1	Ogunleye Remains Idled in Contract Talks (AP) AP - Idled by a stalemate in contract negotiations, Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye can only wonder where he'll be come September.
3	MSN Adds Movie Downloads and Rentals Microsoft partners with Blockbuster Online, CinemaNow, and MovieTickets.com on one-stop entertainment portal.
0	Wen Ho Lee Reporters Held in Contempt (AP) AP - A federal judge held five reporters in contempt Wednesday for refusing to identify their sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a former nuclear weapons scientist once suspected of spying.
3	KDE updates Linux desktop The KDE Project has released version 3.3 of its Linux desktop interface software.
1	Philo is in the know Normally, there are few sure things in golf, but here's something we can be certain of: The lads in today's final pairing at the 84th New England PGA Championship at Brae Burn Country Club will not require introductions.
3	Vonage: Dial 311 for city info Subscribers of the company's Net phone service can get information on park locations, public transit, and so on.
1	Henin-Hardenne wins Olympic gold The world number one broke a jittery Mauresmo twice to take the opening set and the Frenchwoman failed to get a foot-hold in the second set.
2	300,000 seek 3,000 dockworker jobs LOS ANGELES  Longshore union and port shipping officials yesterday sifted through 300,000 applications submitted as part of a special lottery for 3,000 lucrative temporary dockworker jobs at the nation #39;s largest port complex. 
1	Ogunleye traded for Bear receiver A messy contract holdout and the need for a top-flight wide receiver prompted the Dolphins to agree on a trade Saturday that will send defensive end Adewale Ogunleye to the Chicago Bears for Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round draft pick.
1	Forlan aiming for fresh start at Villarreal Uruguay striker Diego Forlan said he was looking for a fresh start after leaving Manchester United to join Primera Liga side Villarreal.
1	Athletics' Homers Crush Orioles 11-0 (AP) AP - Tim Hudson pitched a five-hitter to earn his first victory since June 11, and Scott Hatteberg's second grand slam of the season highlighted a four-homer attack that carried the Oakland Athletics past the Baltimore Orioles 11-0 Tuesday night.
3	Nortel to lay off 3,500 The scandal-beset company will also lay off about 10 percent of its work force.
1	RVS Rathore: The silver lining Waiting for the bus to the Markopoulos shooting range this afternoon, a question from a Chinese journalist rattled me.  quot;From India? How many medals have you won? quot; ...
"2	Google Shares Begin Trading on Nasdaq Shortly before noon today, Google Inc. stock began trading under the ticker symbol GOOG on the Nasdaq stock market. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2"""" color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
1	Rangers Designate Bacsik for Assignment (AP) AP - Pitcher Mike Bacsik was designated for assignment by the Texas Rangers on Sunday after going 1-1 with a 4.60 ERA in three starts.
3	Script kiddies join forces with spammers The firm #39;s E-mail Security Intelligence report, which covers the first half of 2004, highlights the worrying trend of virus writers linking up with spammers; together they are creating a more refined threat to e-mail security. 
1	For starters, Eli makes case CHARLOTTE - Kurt Warner may still be the favorite to start the regular-season opener for the Giants. But Eli Manning isn #39;t making Tom Coughlin #39;s decision very easy. 
1	American Sprinters Show a Mix of Bluster and Speed Shawn Crawford of the United States left the baseball cap at home and no longer needed the showy sunglasses he wore in Saturday morning #39;s first heat.
3	Web sites agree to be accessible to blind In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired.
3	Web Sites Agree to Be Accessible to Blind In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired.
3	Oracle moves to monthly patching schedule After coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, Oracle has announced that it will move to a monthly patch release schedule, though it hasn't said when.
3	Soft Demand for TFTs Affects Prices TFT LCD panel prices are expected to fall significantly for larger area 17 inch and 19 inch panels for LCD TVs, but the cost of products in the shops is still seen as a barrier to high volume consumer demand, according to ...
3	Movie Studios Lose In Case Against File-Sharing Apps The decision is likely to force the industry to take the more costly and less-popular route of going directly after file-swappers.
1	Mets Beat Rockies 10-3 to Open Twinbill (AP) AP - Mike Cameron homered and drove in four runs, and Kris Benson pitched six solid innings to lead the New York Mets past the Colorado Rockies 10-3 Thursday in the first game of a doubleheader.
3	Update 1: Net Rivals Rise and Fall on Google IPO Rivals to Internet search giant Google Inc. rode the momentum of its long-awaited initial public offering and saw mixed gains in early trading Thursday, but sank near the closing bell as Google #39;s shares remained 
1	AL Wrap: Olerud Cheers Yankees by Sinking Ex-Team NEW YORK (Reuters) - John Olerud sunk his former team by  recording a two-run single in the eighth inning to drive in the  go-ahead runs which earned the New York Yankees a 6-4 win over  the host Seattle Mariners in the American League Saturday.   
2	Google #39;s IPO delayed Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
3	Congress Wants Rights Board Key members of Congress and the 9/11 commission make it clear that a federal board to protect civil liberties in the age of terrorism is not optional. But they're struggling to figure out how to establish it. By Ryan Singel.
1	Pratt advances to third round Australia #39;s Nicole Pratt has advanced to the third round of the tennis event at the Athens Olympics with a three-set win over Italian Tathiana Garbin. 
1	Johnson probably out for season with broken cheekbone Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was placed on the 15-day disabled list Saturday with a broken right cheekbone and is probably out for the rest of the season.
1	Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career.
3	Experts Push for More Computer Security Efforts Computer-security experts, including former government officials, urged the Bush administration on Tuesday to devote more effort to strengthening defenses against viruses, hackers and other online threats.
1	Sports: Yankees 13 Twins 10 MINNEAPOLIS The New York Yankees coughed up a 9-to-3 lead before rallying in the ninth inning to beat Minnesota 13-to-10. 
3	AMD sneaks strained silicon into chips Advanced Micro Devices has begun to incorporate a form of strained silicon into its chips, a design twist that will let the company increase the performance of its processors. 
2	Government Spending Up Sharply Locally Federal procurement spending in the Washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating tens of thousands of jobs and increasing economic growth disproportionately in Northern Virginia.
3	Fledgling Thunderbird takes on Outlook Not content with eating into Microsoft #39;s share of the browser market with Firefox, the Mozilla Foundation has released an open-source email client to rival Outlook.
3	Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut\\Google stock shares rose 18 percent in their NASDAQ stock market debut yesterday, after a scaled-down \$1.67 billion IPO marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions. Google co-founder Larry Page and chief executive Eric Schmidt showed up at the Nasdaq stock market as Google ...
3	AMD using strained silicon on 90-nanometer chips Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors released this quarter, an AMD spokesman said Friday.
3	Capturing Your Personal Web Forget bookmarks: Web content managers allow you to create your own personal, searchable cache of web pages.
1	Sox and bonds There are games in which players renew their vows as teammates, and last night's 8-4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays was one of them. It may not have been as clear as it was in the Yankee-Red Sox brawl game back in late July, which produced an obvious bond.
3	HP decries Itanium, SAP issues and bad English &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Execs try to respond
3	Sharp brings 3D to PCs, without the funny specs Firm brings tech already used in phones and laptops to desktops. Screen creates different pixel images for each eye.
1	Lara #39;s captaincy on the line at Oval West Indies captain Brian Lara tips his helmet to the fans after becoming one of only four players to reach ten thousand runs in Test matches. Picture:AP ...
3	Apple recalls 15-in. PowerBook batteries AUGUST 19, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Apple Computer Inc. has issued a recall for about 28,000 PowerBook batteries sold between January and August for use with its 15-in. PowerBook G4 computers. The batteries, which were made by LG Chem Ltd. of South Korea, ...
1	Texas goes wild The Red Sox have company atop the wild-card standings. In Arlington, Texas, Laynce Nix homered and drove in three runs, including a tiebreaking sacrifice fly, and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 6-2, yesterday to sweep the three-game series.
1	Leskanic winning arms race With Scott Williamson bracing for a potentially grim diagnosis of his latest elbow injury, the Red Sox last night appeared poised to move on without him as Curtis Leskanic inched closer to rejoining the club. The Sox initially indicated they would make an announcement last night on Williamson's injury but changed their position during the first inning of the game ...
3	Good-looking, Lightweight  #39;Push-to-Talk #39; Phone for Business Users You #39;ll either love or hate the metallic copper-tone case, but for us it is a welcome break from the generic silver or gray phones that everyone seems to have. (A silver version is also available, for the more timid.) Although by no means ...
3	India's leading IT company TCS to list stock next week after share offer (AFP) AFP - Top Indian software exporter Tata Consultancy Services will list its share on the Bombay Stock Exchange next week following its successful maiden share offer, an official said.
3	Microsoft delays upgrade REDMOND, Washington Microsoft has delayed the automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional computer operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it. 
3	Bikes Bring Internet to Indian Villagers (AP) AP - For 12-year-old Anju Sharma, hope for a better life arrives in her poor farming village three days a week on a bicycle rickshaw that carries a computer with a high-speed, wireless Internet connection.
3	Napster UK teams with Virgin Radio British radio station Virgin Radio (which is not part of Virgin Group anymore) has teamed up with Napster UK to launch an online music chart called (very creative..) The Napster Online Music Chart. 
3	Google Faces Another Keyword Lawsuit Google Faces Another Keyword Lawsuit\\Another lawsuit has been filed against Google because of the trademarked keyterms that companies bid for in the AdWords keyword advertising program.  Next week Google will head over to a German courtroom where it will continue to defend its technology against Metaspinner Media GmbH.\
1	Cubs Blast Six Homers in Astros Mauling Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros in Houston on Friday.
2	Oil Prices Slip Below  #36;46; Risks Abound (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices fell  #36;1 below record highs\on Tuesday as fears over supply disruptions in Venezuela eased\after President Hugo Chavez won a vote on his rule.
1	Americans lose again ATHENS, Greece - Lithuanian guard Sarunas Jasikevicius, whose off-target three-pointer kept his team from pulling off the biggest upset of the Sydney Olympics, didnt miss when it counted on Saturday night against the Americans in a thrilling 94-90 
1	Title No.22 for Hewitt in Washington Australian Lleyton Hewitt has claimed his third title of the year with victory in the Legg Mason Classic in Washington. The South Australian No.
1	US ; Japanese-born teen youngest US chess champ since Bobby &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US News, NEW YORK - A teenager from New York state, who just became the youngest US national chess champion since Bobby Fischer in 1958, says he is more sane than his troubled predecessor.
3	No SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s plans to move ahead with its initial public stock offering ran into a roadblock when the Securities and Exchange Commission didn't approve the Internet search giant's regulatory paperwork as requested.
3	Austria backs away from privatization VIENNA Austria backed away from a full privatization of its top telecommunications company after merger talks with Swisscom failed.
1	Bell set for Test debut Ian Bell is almost certain to make his England Test debut on Thursday in the final match against West Indies. 
3	New Flightless Bird Species Found Off Philippines (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have discovered a new\species of flightless bird on a remote island in the\Philippines, the conservation group BirdLife International said\on Tuesday.
3	Car-Tracking Device Trades Privacy for Dollars (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: A device using GSM/GPS wireless that reports your car's wherabouts #151;which is in pilot testing for a British insurance company #151;is the latest example of a technology marvel that brings a serious loss of privacy.
3	Does That Web Site Look Phishy? (PC World) PC World - WholeSecurity's new software claims to identify fraudulent sites.
3	Briefly: KDE updates Linux desktop roundup Plus: EA to take World Cup soccer to Xbox...IBM chalks up two health care wins...Vonage users dial 311 for city info.
3	Update: Google raises gavel for IPO auction Friday Google Inc. is opening the auction for its much-anticipated initial public offering (IPO) on Friday, with plans to announce the pricing of its stock next week.
1	Baseball Today Minnesota at Texas (8:05 pm EDT). Kenny Rogers (15-5) goes for his 16th win as Texas resumes its AL West title chase. * Manny Ramirez and Jason Varitek, Red Sox.
"3	EBay Buys Stake in Craigslist Internet auctioneer eBay Inc. said Friday it acquired a 25 percent stake in craigslist, an online community of classified ads and forums. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2""""\ color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
3	Businesses: Routers, shmouters After seeing revenue growth for five quarters in a row, waning interest in the enterprise market results in a drop.
3	&lt;em&gt;El Reg&lt;/em&gt; pledges to name BSA antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Competition&lt;/strong&gt; Get those suggestions in
3	Google IPO Awaits Final Approval In a sign that Google Inc. (GOOG)'s initial public offering is imminent, the Internet search company has asked federal regulators to give final approval to the paperwork required for its stock sale.
1	MLB: Texas 16, Cleveland 4 Arlington, TX, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Mark Teixeira had seven RBI Tuesday to help Scott Erickson earn his first win in over two years as Texas Rangers pounded the Cleveland Indians, 16-4. 
3	News: Number crunching boffins unearth crypto flaws Cryptographic researchers have discovered weaknesses in the encryption algorithms that underpin the security and integrity of electronic signatures.\
1	Braves' Chipper Jones Hits 300th Homer (AP) AP - Chipper Jones hit his 300th career home run on Monday night, connecting in the Atlanta Braves' game at San Diego.
"3	First Lady Bashes John Kerry's Pro Stem Cell Stance By RON FOURNIER    LANGHORNE, Pa. (AP) -- First lady Laura Bush defended her husband's policy on embryonic stem cell research Monday, calling Democratic rival John Kerry's criticism """"ridiculous"""" and accusing proponents of overstating the potential for medical breakthroughs..."
3	What Neil   Buzz Left on the Moon A cutting-edge Apollo 11 science experiment left behind in the Sea of Tranquility is still running today.
3	Compuware accuses IBM of ambush tactics in piracy suit DETROIT (AP) -- Compuware Corp. is accusing IBM of attempting to  quot;sandbag quot; it with new evidence just three months before the software company #39;s piracy claim against the technology giant is to go to trial. 
"3	Google: Now Playboy's Latest Bunny Investors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if the founders of Google Inc. continue to do things like show up in Playboy magazine around the same time their company is going public. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2""""\ color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
3	Cassini Spies Two Moons Around Saturn (AP) AP - NASA's Cassini spacecraft has spied two new little moons around satellite-rich Saturn, the space agency said.
3	Exercise Pays Off in Long Run The effects of behavior modification programs designed to encourage physical activity last for at least three months after completion of such programs, says a new report by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).
3	Indian, British scientists working on drug to fight malaria At least 27 people are reported to have died of malaria in Alindra, India and 293 are seriously ill with the disease which broke out after the heavy rains and floods.
3	Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Dozens of the political action committee's subscriber pages exposed by simple Google search.
3	Traders Bet on Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Options traders have been\building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc.  (PSFT.O) as\investors bet a federal judge will approve Oracle Corp.'s\hostile takeover bid of the business software maker, traders\said on Monday.
3	Crack Fedora Core and Red Hat Enterprise Linux &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 at The Reg Bookshop
3	Intel delays HDTV market debut Intel has delayed its planned entry into the widescreen high-definition television (HDTV) market until next year. 
2	Music Mogul Davis Challenges Retailers (AP) AP - Legendary music mogul Clive Davis has some advice for music retailers looking to persuade music fans to return to traditional record shops: Make shopping more fun.
3	Science, Politics Collide in Election Year (AP) AP - With more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 Nobel Prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the Bush administration's use of scientific advice, this election year is seeing a new development in the uneasy relationship between science and politics.
1	Bears' Tucker Out With Dislocated Elbow (AP) AP - Chicago Bears left guard Rex Tucker will miss eight to 10 weeks of the regular season because of a dislocated left elbow.
3	PalmSource chairman to step down The separation of PalmOne and PalmSource will be complete with Eric Benhamou's resignation as the latter's chairman.
3	Today Inca Trail, Tomorrow Inca Road A consortium of nonprofits aim to restore sections of the Inca Road, the 500-year-old route that linked the Inca Empire from present-day Colombia to central Chile.
2	Bank of America signs in They served up a giant Bank of America sheet cake, festooned the bank branch with balloons, and dispatched smiling greeters to welcome customers in upstate New York yesterday, as the first FleetBoston Financial Corp. branches formally switched to Bank of America.
3	Revolutionizing Flow Cytometry Dr. Mario Roederer and Adam Treister at Stanford University wrote FlowJo, Mac OS X analysis software for flow cytometers, high-speed, automated microscopes. Today, some 15,000 to 20,000 cytometers in use are Mac based. Aug 3
3	Symantec Readies Patching Tool ON IPatch monitors, ensures networked Windows systems are current in midsize businesss.
1	US eights glide to finals in record times The US men's and women's eights pulled off huge victories in yesterday's Olympic rowing heats, each setting world bests to advance directly to Sunday's finals.
3	California urged to use open source, VoIP Authors of a performance review tell the beleaguered state government it could save millions of dollars by adopting open-source software and Internet-based phone calling.
1	South Africa wins Tri-Nations rugby South Africa held off Australia 23-19 in a dramatic finale and won the Tri-Nations rugby title for the first time since 1998 on Saturday at King #39;s Park.
3	End of the line for HP #39;s Alpha Hewlett-Packard will release its final Alpha processor on Monday, the beginning of the end for a chip dynasty that never was. 
1	American Patterson overcomes Russian for all-around Olympic title The 20-year wait is over. America has its new Mary Lou, and her name is Carly Patterson. The 16-year-old dynamo beat Russian superstar Svetlana Khorkina to give the United States another Olympic all-around champion Thursday night, closing with a dazzling ...
3	AT amp;T strikes VoIP deals with cable In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone service, AT amp;T has turned to cable companies to pitch the technology to more consumers.
3	AT amp;T strikes VoIP deals with cable In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone service, AT amp;T has turned to cable companies to pitch the technology to more consumers. 
3	Beware! Bugs can attack Net phones THEY are becoming increasingly popular because they are cheap. However, before you rush off to buy an Internet phone or Voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) phone, you should know that they are 
1	Dismal weather takes control of NEC AKRON, Ohio -- Golf was supposed to be the headliner Thursday at Firestone Country Club in Akron. What turned out to be the featured performer, instead, was a nasty line of weather that made golf secondary to a lot of other things. 
3	Watchdog rules over broadband  The UK's ad watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband.
3	Oracle puts patches on a schedule Following Microsoft's lead, software maker opts to issue fixes on a monthly timetable. But does that make customers more secure?
1	Athletics: Olympic Record For Bekele, Webb Eliminated From 1500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The biggest applause at Olympic Stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for Greek heptathlete Aryiro Strataki or triple jumper Hristos Meletoglou 
3	EBay takes stake in Craigslist SAN FRANCISCO - Online auction giant eBay Inc. has acquired a 25 percent stake in San Francisco classified advertisements Web site Craigslist, the companies said Friday.
2	No Respite for Microsoft European antitrust regulators extend their review of Microsoft-Time Warner deal. Also: Gateway plans to sell desktops at CompUSA   hellip;. Vodafone's Japanese unit headhunts an executive from rival NTT DoCoMo   hellip;. and more.
3	Google shines on second day Shares of Google are on the way up again on their second day of trading.
3	Cherry Readies Linux Keyboard \$50 device will feature hot keys designed for the alternative operating system.
3	Global LCD Oversupply to Peak -Report Excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays (LCDs) are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a US research firm said on Friday.
1	VARSITY MATCH Oxford regained the MMC Trophy with a hard-fought 18-11 win over Cambridge in the Varsity match at Twickenham. Jon Fennell kicked Oxford into an early lead, but a well-worked try from Fergie Gladstone saw Cambridge hit back.
3	Peer-to-Peer Companies Win in Court Grokster, Morpheus not liable for user's actions, appeals court says.
3	Doctors Place Hope in Baby Pacemaker Devices By LAURAN NEERGAARD      WASHINGTON (AP) -- Four-month-old Damaris Ochoa was near death, born with an enlarged heart that was quickly giving out. Obtaining a transplant in time was a long shot...
3	Google IPO Bidding Opens Google IPO Bidding Opens\\Google's IPO bidding is officially open. Google and its underwriters expect to open the auction for the shares of Google rsquo;s Class A common stock at 9:00 a.m. EST (press time) on Friday, August 13, 2004. Google bidders must have obtained a bidder ID from ipo.google.com if you ...
3	Briefly: Mitsubishi expands solar production roundup Plus: KDE updates Linux desktop...EA to take World Cup soccer to Xbox...IBM chalks up two health care wins.
3	Apple Recalls Batteries In G4 Laptops Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday recalled the batteries used in 15-inch PowerBook G4 computers, due to an internal short that can cause the batteries to overheat and pose a fire hazard to consumers. 
3	Save The Whales! Then What? AP DE BON DESIR, Quebec, Aug. 11 - A few miles from this spit along the pink granite coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, there is a sheltered cove that has witnessed the full span of the human relationship with whales. 
3	TeliaSonera acquires 100 pct of Lithuanian mobile company Omnitel (AFP) AFP - The Swedish-Finnish telecommunications operator TeliaSonera said it had bought the remaining 10 percent stake in Lithuania's major mobile company Omnitel that it did not already own for 63.5 million dollars (51.4 million euros).
3	U.S. Warrior Arms Africans to Hunt Sudanese Poachers Armed poachers from Sudan have been raiding and destroying neighboring Central African Republic's wildlife resources for years. Now, with the help of a militant U.S. conservationist, the CAR populace is arming and training itself to fight back.
3	China Mobile Suspends Chinadotcom Mobile Services (Reuters) Reuters - Chinadotcom (CHINA.O) said on Friday\that its Go2joy mobile messaging unit has been sanctioned by\China Mobile (CHL.N), as part of a broad crackdown on\aggressive marketing by it and 21 other companies.
3	NASA Researchers, Stunt Pilots Prepare for Genesis Probe #39;s Return A team of NASA (news - web sites) scientists, navigators and helicopter stunt pilots is ready to snatch a space sample canister out of the sky next month when the Genesis spacecraft returns to Earth.
3	Rats May Help Unravel Human Drug Addiction Mysteries By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Rats can become drug addicts. That's important to know, scientists say, and has taken a long time to prove...
3	RealNetwork #39;s 49 cent downloads rile Apple Seattle, WA, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- RealNetworks Inc., is taking on Apple Computer #39;s wildly successful iTunes Music Store with a half-price sale offering music downloads for 49 cents a song. 
3	HP's order system chaos to continue throughout August &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; SAP hell lingers
3	Compuware asks court to sanction IBM An emergency motion was filed Friday the 13th of August in US District Court of Eastern Michigan, Compuware said that IBM failed to provide essential evidence, which includes several pieces of disputed software source code, until after the case #39;s ...
3	Vitamin E Thwarts Colds in the Elderly By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Nursing home residents who take daily doses of vitamin E appear to be less likely to develop certain respiratory infections, a new study finds.    The protective effect was most pronounced with upper respiratory infections, such as the common cold...
"3	Lost Votes in N.M. a Cautionary Tale Four years ago, about 2,300 voters cast their ballots before Election Day on state-of-the-art, push-button electronic voting machines. For 678 of them, their votes were never recorded.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2"""" color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
1	US Cyclists Capture Three Medals ATHENS, Greece - Tyler Hamilton #39;s greatest ride capped the finest Olympic day for US cycling, which won three of the six medals awarded in Wednesday #39;s road time trials - surpassing its two total road medals won since the 1984 Games in Los ...
3	Thwarting Meth Kansas could be getting some help soon in its fight against methamphetamine. That #39;s thanks to a new product that could deter thefts of the fertilizer anhydrous ammonia, a component of meth production.
3	What's in a Name? Well, Matt Is Sexier Than Paul (Reuters) Reuters - As Shakespeare said, a rose by any other\name would smell as sweet. Right?
3	Update: Nortel to lay off 10 percent of staff Nortel Networks Corp. will cut 10 percent of its workforce, or around 3,500 jobs, to reduce costs.
3	Nortel Says Canada Plans Accounting Probe Nortel Networks Corp. said on Monday the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told\the company it will begin a criminal investigation into
3	Cell Phone Users Are Finding God Mobile phone owners are blessed with more than just free weekend minutes, as religious institutions and telcos roll out new services to help the observant practice their faith. By Elizabeth Biddlecombe.
3	Birders Flock to See Rare, Lonesome Falcon (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of U.S. bird-lovers have\flocked to a New England resort island to catch a glimpse of a\rare falcon that appears to have made a wrong turn, ended up\half a world away and may never find its way home.
3	Another Expanded Whois Service Doing in-depth investigation of a web site?  Whois.sc offers a wealth of detail about the people and technology behind just about any web site on the planet.
3	Nanotechnology Material May Supercharge Internet Scientists have manipulated carbon atoms to create a material that could be used to create light-based, versus electronic, switches. The material could lead to a supercharged Internet based entirely on light, scientists say.
3	Expedition to Probe Gulf of Mexico (AP) AP - Scientists will use advanced technology never before deployed beneath the sea as they try to discover new creatures, behaviors and phenomena in a 10-day expedition to the Gulf of Mexico's deepest reaches.
3	Bluetooth flying bot creates buzz The micro flyer is the next version of the robot by the Japanese technology firm that wowed crowds with last year. 
3	N.Y. Atty General Announces Drug-Price Web Site (Reuters) Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer on Tuesday said his office has created an interactive\Web site to help New Yorkers comparison shop for prescription\drugs, following a statewide survey showing widely varying\prices at pharmacies.
3	3Com partners with wireless switch start-up 3Com enters into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start-up Trapeze Networks.
3	Microsoft Upgrades Software for Digital Pictures SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; released on  Tuesday the latest version of its software for editing and  organizing digital photographs and images to tap into  widespread demand for digital cameras and photography.
3	eCOST.com Cuts IPO Price to  #36;7 a Share from  #36;9- #36;11 (Reuters) Reuters - Online discount retailer eCOST.com\said on Wednesday that it expects its planned initial public\offering will price at  #36;7 per share, a reduction from its\previously stated range of  #36;9 to  #36;11 per share.
1	White Sox Manager Suspended Two Games (AP) AP - Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was suspended Monday for two games and fined an undisclosed amount for arguing with umpires during an Aug. 9 game against Cleveland.
3	Vending Machines Making Room for Healthy Products By IRA DREYFUSS     WASHINGTON (AP) -- The typical vending machine fare consists of chocolate bars and potato chips, leaving few options for people seeking low-calorie or low-salt snacks.    That is changing now as companies develop markets for products they expect to satisfy both nutritionists and consumers...
3	Samsung streams on Sprint with MM-A700 Samsung #39;s latest phone offers streaming video and audio, including from major old media companies, along with a megapixel camera. 
3	Scan the Summer Sky for the Archer (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - On these late summer evenings \  after the Sun has set, look low in the south for the classical Archer, Sagittarius.
3	AOL releases Netscape update Netscape Communications upgraded its namesake browser on Tuesday to version 7.2, a rare sign of life at America Online #39;s moribund browser division. 
3	China tries to shut down phone sex lines in anti-porn campaign SHANGHAI, China (AP) - China has ordered severe punishment for phone sex operators as part of a sweeping crackdown on electronic pornography, Xinhua News Agency reported Wednesday. 
3	HP invokes Adaptive Enterprise mantra Hewlett-Packard will detail enhancements to its virtualization products, the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system, and its AlphaServers this week during its HP World 2004 conference in Chicago.
3	Shuttle may fly without puncture repair kit NASA is working feverishly to return the space shuttle to flight in May 2005, but it may fly without the capability to fix cracks or holes of the type that doomed Columbia in 2003, officials said on Monday.
3	Netscape 7.2 released Netscape Communications yesterday released Netscape 7.2, which is based on Version 1.7 of Mozilla, the most recent version of the Mozilla Internet application suite.
"3	'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - Id CEO NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Xbox version of """"Doom 3,"""" the  long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,  is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to  enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it."
"3	'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - id CEO NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Xbox version of """"Doom 3,"""" the  long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,  is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to  enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it."
0	Players Union Challenges Carter's Release The NFL Players Association has gotten involved in Quincy Carter's release by the Dallas Cowboys. The union filed a grievance over the release Aug...
1	Homer Sinks Indians Corey Koskie hit a two-run homer in the 10th inning as the Twins overcame a two-run deficit for a 4-2 win Sunday, giving them a two-game lead over the second-place Indians.
1	Green's Slam Lifts L.A. Shawn Green connects on a grand slam and a solo homer to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers past the Atlanta Braves 7-4 on Saturday.
3	Nokia taps Coke exec to refresh brands Nokia is bringing in a Coca-Cola executive to take over brand management as part of its plan for regaining market share. 
0	Evocative, and Steamy, Marathon Goes to Japanese Woman ATHENS, Aug. 22  The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots, the suffering returned, too.
3	IPod Music Player Winning Over Japan Fans (AP) AP - When Sony Corp. President Kunitake Ando showed off the new Walkman meant to counter the assault by Apple's iPod portable music player, he held the prized gadget at the gala event upside down.
3	BOFH takes a hit from Cupid's arrow &lt;strong&gt;Episode 26&lt;/strong&gt; Shall I compare thee to an OS2-free Intel box?
3	Pope Condemns Unethical Science, Cloning CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul (news - web sites) II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
3	Study: Development Endangers Coastal Bays (AP) AP - Maryland's coastal bays support a wide range of aquatic life but are threatened by intense development pressures, according to the first comprehensive study of the chain of shallow bays that separate Ocean City and Assateague Island from the mainland.
3	Briefly: EA to take World Cup soccer to Xbox roundup Plus: IBM chalks up two health care wins...Vonage users dial 311 for city info...Mozilla makes Japanese push...Macromedia offers Flash video tool.
3	Apple zombies attack RealNetworks REALNETWORKS #39; attempt to get Steve Jobs to open up its proprietary eyePods is getting attacked by Apple #39;s fanatical supporters. 
3	China's Red Flag Linux to focus on enterprise The company behind China's leading Linux client distribution, Red Flag Software Co. Ltd., is shifting its main focus to its server operating system and enterprise customers, and planning to expand sales overseas, the company's acting president said in an interview on Friday.
3	Gloom amid the boom BANGALORE - The success of India #39;s high-tech and outsourcing industry was built on Bangalore but the southern city where the boom began has now become a victim of its own success. 
1	Inside Lines: Athens brings out the Games #39; feminine side Have you noticed how women are beginning to dominate these Olympics? A week ago it was Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki who was a star of the show at the opening ceremony.
3	Finally sync your BlackBerry with your Mac Research In Motion couldn #39;t be bothered to ever get around to doing this themselves, but Information Appliance Associates has just come out with some software which should finally let Mac users satisfy their CrackBerry addictions. There #39;s no support ...
1	Cink eases to four-shot win at NEC Invitational Stewart Cink maintained his composure to register an even par final round score of 70 for a four-shot victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC Invitational on Sunday, his second win of the season.
3	Legal peer-to-peer services: Gimmick or Genius? Few in the tech world need an introduction to Napster #39;s founder, the college dropout whose revolutionary file-swapping technology shook the foundations of the \$11bn record industry.
1	Montreal end Giants run Montreal Expos ended the San Francisco Giants #39; six-game winning streak with a 6-2 victory on Wednesday. 
3	Helicopter Stunt Pilots to Snag Stardust for NASA PASADENA, Calif. (Reuters) - NASA has recruited two Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots for an especially tricky maneuver -- snagging a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to Earth next month, mission managers said on Thursday. 
3	Apple puts edit tools in one basket Bundle of professional video editing applications includes new Motion special-effects software.
3	Sex spam clogs summer in-boxes Summer is associated with romance and spammers are trying to cash in by bombarding inboxes with porn.
3	Spider-Venom Profits to Be Funneled Into Conservation Pharmaceutical companies have profited from medicines derived from spiders. Now a group called Venom Venture is making sure some of that money goes toward conserving the spiders themselves.
3	Vote now to name BSA's antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Poll&lt;/strong&gt; The Mother of all Mustelid polls
3	New Mexico Museum to Launch Names Into Space ALAMOGORDO, N.M. (AP) -- The New Mexico Museum of Space History will be shipping names to the stars with the first X-Prize launch into space...
3	Amazon to purchase Chinese on-line retailer Amazon.com Inc. has agreed to buy Joyo.com, China #39;s largest on-line retailer of books, music and videos, for \$75-million (US) to gain access to the world #39;s second-biggest Internet market.
3	Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat Linux Network scores two military-related deals for Linux clusters.
3	Next-Gen DVD Camps Prep for Price War HD-DVD backers say their format is cheaper and easier to produce than rival Blu-ray.
3	Windows XP Security Update Delayed (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
3	Europe's Eel Population Collapsing (AP) AP - When a poacher with a baseball bat mugged Willem Dekker for his baby eels, it was further confirmation for the Dutch biologist that the species is in trouble.
3	Lenovo May Be in Acquisition Talks With IBM (AP) AP - China's biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy IBM Corp.'s personal computer business.
3	Blaster Author Pleads Guilty Teen faces prison for unleashing malicious variant of MS Blaster worm last year.
3	Lindows Postpones IPO Its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens.
1	Yankees Glimpse October, and It's Not Pretty On a night when Johan Santana was superb for the Twins, Mike Mussina was inconsistent in his first start since July 6.
3	Antitrust Lawyer Takes Helm at FTC As Deborah P. Majoras takes over the Federal Trade Commission on Monday, she's expected to build on the broad agenda set by her predecessor, Timothy J. Muris.
3	Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link Company releases revamped version of server software for linking Windows servers to mainframes, other large computers.
1	Green Bay Packers GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Darren Sharper returned one his team #39;s three interceptions 90 yards for a touchdown, leading the Green Bay Packers to a 19-14 preseason victory over the New Orleans Saints .
3	News: NASA Extends TRMM Operations Through 2004 Hurricane Season NASA will extend operation of the Tropical Rainfall\Measuring Mission (TRMM) through the end of 2004, in light of a\recent request from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric\Administration (NOAA).
3	Customers of Telco Companies Face Privacy Breach A security advisory posted on Bugtraq demonstrates how hackers can compromise customers of T-mobile wireless and Verizon (landline) voicemail boxes. The advisory talks about the use of Caller-ID spoofing the customers number, allowing a bypass of the PIN code since the voicemail thinks that the customer is calling to check their own voicemail. According to Secure Science Corporation, there has been no response from the vendors. Comments have been posted that T-Mobile has optional PIN code protection off by default. Better turn it on. 
"3	Flaw opens AOL chat software to intruders Attackers could bombard PCs using instant messenger's """"away"""" feature. AOL says a fix is imminent."
3	Google Index Database to be Archived? Google Index Database to be Archived?\\TechDirt reports that the San Jose Mercury News is running an article about Brewster Kahle's Internet Archive - Archive.org. While he's been profiled many times before, the one interesting tidbit to slip out this time is that Kahle has asked Google to donate their database ...
3	The Austral-Asian Strike Fighter The Australian Defence Force must defend and project across an air-sea gap. This requires long range autonomous strike weaponry. The Joint Strike Fighter does not solve this issue and detrimentally places added pressure on Australia's limited force of aerial refuelling assets. The world's defence manufacturers are not creating strike platforms that solve Australian needs. For this reason, Australia needs to look to other nations with similar defence needs. In this case, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan all face defending an air-sea gap. Australia should enter a partnership with these nations to create a strike fighter that satisfies the strategic needs of defending an air-sea gap. The benefits of such a partnership will be many.
3	IBM to round out iSeries Power5 server family Big Blue is set to debut the eServer i5 550, an iSeries machine it created to serve midsize businesses.
3	Energy from waves  teenager wins science award A teenager from the San Diego, California area has won The Siemens Westinghouse Competition in Math, Science and Technology for his  quot;Gyro-Gen, quot; a machine that produces electricity from ocean waves.
3	Autodesk: Piracy in India Costs Us  #36;367M (AP) AP - American design software developer Autodesk Inc. said Tuesday it is losing  #36;367 million in potential revenues each year because of software piracy in India.
"3	Court Ruling Favors Music-Sharing Networks Music file-sharing companies are not legally responsible for the swapping of copyright content through their file-sharing software, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday in a blow to movie studios and record labels. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2"""" color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
3	U.S. Broadband Growth Slows - Analyst (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. telephone and cable companies\saw the growth of high-speed Internet services slow in the\second quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an industry\research firm said on Tuesday.
3	Science and President Bush Collide in Election Year With more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 Nobel Prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the Bush administration's use of scientific advice, this election year is seeing a new development in the uneasy relationship between science and politics.
3	VoIP gaining ground, despite cost concerns The voice-over-IP market is growing, and by next year, 50 of all lines installed in the U.S. are expected to rely on VoIP technology -- despite continuing concerns that installations can be costly.
1	Today's schedule Pro baseball: Red Sox vs. Toronto at Fenway Park, 7 p.m.; Atlantic League -- Nashua vs. Camden at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.; International League -- Pawtucket vs. Buffalo at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 7 p.m.; Eastern League: Portland vs. New Britain at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 7 p.m.; Northeast League -- Brockton vs. New Haven at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, ...
3	HP's Fiorina stood up by Argentina's President &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Belly bands and three-legged stools
3	Italian deputies drowned out in mobile phone clampdown: report (AFP) AFP - Thwarted so far in his attempts to clamp down on mobile telephone use among deputies, the speaker of the Italian parliament has hit upon a sophisticated way of getting tough, a weekly newspaper reported.
1	Four-in-row to Davenport AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won her fourth consecutive title of the year today, beating second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-3 6-2 in the final of the Cincinnati Open.
3	Gadget price declines slow for summer Consumer electronics prices still drop, mostly, but not so much.
1	Roger Clemens' Leg Injury Isn't Serious (AP) AP - Roger Clemens strained his right calf in the Houston Astros' 9-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, but the injury isn't considered serious.
3	Hubble Trouble: One of Four Instruments Stops Working (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - One of the four astronomical instruments on the Hubble Space Telescope shut down earlier this week and engineers are trying to pin down the problem. The other three instruments continue to operate normally.
1	Warmer and wilder HAVEN, Wis. -- Perched high on the bluffs overlooking Lake Michigan, Whistling Straits is a massive, windswept landscape, as large a golf course as \$40 million can buy. It is complete with sand dunes that could double as ski slopes and deep bunkers that should require elevators.
3	Another Product Delay at Intel Intel originally announced it had developed chip technology for high-definition big-screen televisions at the annual Consumer Electronics Show in January. It originally expected that it would ship the TV chip by the end of the year, but ...
3	Microsoft, Time Warner DRM buy on EU review shelf Regulators could still launch an investigation into the two titans' acquisition of ContentGuard this month.
3	Absence of linguistic skills could hamper thinking ability Not being part of a culture with a highly developed language, could limit your thoughts, at least as far as numbers are concerned, reveals a new study conducted by a psychologist at the Columbia University in New York.
3	Microsoft details conflicts in new XP update Microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 applications -- including developer and backup tools, antivirus software and an FTP client -- that may not work correctly after installing Service Pack 2 for Windows XP.
3	HP to deliver vulnerability scanning service by year's end Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to deliver by the end of the year a new vulnerability service designed to help companies proactively detect and fix flaws that could be used in a malicious attacks.
3	CA moves to tackle spyware In a move to round out its computer security offerings, Computer Associates International Inc. yesterday said it acquired Pest Patrol Inc., a Carlisle, Pa., company that specializes in software to detect and eradicate malicious spyware. 
3	PivX hardens Windows with Qwik-Fix Pro PivX Solutions, Inc. of Newport Beach, California, on Monday announced the availability of Qwik-Fix Pro, an intrusion prevention software product for Windows machines that disables or modifies features of Microsoft Corp. Windows and the Internet Explorer (IE) Web browser that are frequent targets of malicious computer hackers and virus writers.
1	Athens Olympics Games: Expensive and Over-Hyped Olympics? JEDDAH, 20 August 2004  First, let me make it clear that I have always enjoyed watching the Olympic Games on television ever since I was a child. The problem nowadays is that the Olympics have been turned into gigantic business proposition both for the ...
3	Unprecedented Electronic Digital Net for Olympics By MIRON VAROUHAKIS      ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- If you're planning on attending this month's Olympic Games, you'd best be careful what you say and do in public.    Software will be watching and listening...
3	Google IPO Registration Ends Today Google IPO Registration Ends Today\\Google has set their IPO registration deadline at today for investors to register for the Google initial public offering.\\Investors wishing to participate in Google's initial public offering have until 5 pm today to register for the auction at ipo.google.com, according to a statement issued Tuesday on ...
"3	Lindows postpones public offering CEO Michael Robertson says the Linux company """"won't be forced into a cut-rate IPO."
3	Google Gets IPO Go-Ahead (PC World) PC World - After rocky road to public offering, search engine proceeds--but what will it do with its windfall?
3	AMD using strained silicon on 90-nanometer chips Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors released this quarter, an AMD spokesman said Friday. 
3	Cassini Finds Two New Saturnian Moons Jet Propulsion Lab -- With eyes sharper than any that have peered at Saturn before, the Cassini spacecraft has uncovered two moons, which may be the smallest bodies so far seen around the ringed planet.     The moons are approximately 3 kilometers (2 miles) and 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) across -- smaller than the city of Boulder, Colorado...
3	Digital signatures  #39;could be forged #39; Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses. 
3	Most Spam is Domestic, Study Says Spammers aren't ducking antispam laws by operating offshore, they're just ignoring it.
1	Teixeira hits for the cycle ARLINGTON, Texas  Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history  and first in more than 19 years  to hit for the cycle, leading Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night. 
3	CompUSA Agrees to Sell Gateway PCs (PC World) PC World - Desktop systems will be available in 226 stores across the U.S.
3	Canon unveils new digital camera quartet Canon is today adding four new digital cameras to its range, including the launch of flagship professional and entry-level models in its PowerShot series. 
3	Octopus Doesn't Give Up on Motherhood (AP) AP - It was a May-December romance that really had legs: Young Aurora, a female giant octopus and her aging cephalopod suitor J-1 were thrown together for a blind date seven months ago by aquarists who hoped the two would mate.
3	Spectrum of Stormy Saturn Seeing Saturn in different wavelengths gives mission scientists a new and stormy picture of weather on the gas giant. While the view in ultraviolet highlights the stratosphere, the view in infrared shows swirling patterns from rotating cloud bands...
3	Outpost Firewall Pro Supports Microsoft Windows XP SP2 The upcoming Outpost Firewall Pro 2.5 operates seamlessly with XP SP2 to improve security and privacy. 
3	Search Engine Marketing Mistakes Retailers Need to Avoid Search Engine Marketing Mistakes Retailers Need to Avoid\\According to a recent survey conducted by Shop.org and Forrester, in 2003, online retail sales jumped 51 to reach \$114 billion with 79 of all online retailers (etailers) were profitable. Online sales are expected to reach 6.6 percent of total retail sales in ...
3	Compuware Calls for IBM Oust Lawyers for software vendor Compuware (Quote, Chart) filed a motion with a US District Court in Michigan asking a federal judge to impose sanctions against IBM for producing source code two years too late. 
3	Charley's Force Took Experts by Surprise (AP) AP - Hurricane Charley's 145-mph force took forecasters by surprise and showed just how shaky a science it still is to predict a storm's intensity  #151; even with all the latest satellite and radar technology.
3	Fake Drug Sales Problematic in Mexico By MARK STEVENSON      MEXICO CITY (AP) -- Mexican authorities are investigating the sale of fake or substandard medicine in a border town so popular among Americans seeking cheap medications that it has more pharmacies than streets.    U.S...
3	Canadian Team Joins Rocket Launch Contest (AP) AP - The  #36;10 million competition to send a private manned rocket into space started looking more like a race Thursday, when a Canadian team announced plans to launch its rocket three days after an American group intends to begin qualifying for the Ansari X prize.
3	Antidepressant Study Seen to Back Expert A government scientist had concluded last year that most antidepressants are too dangerous for children because of a suicide risk and a new study appears to confirm his findings.
3	 quot;Microsoft #39;s Actions Validate Our Linux Strategy Every Day, quot; Says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Novell earned \$23 million, or six cents a share, on revenues of \$305 million in its fiscal third quarter ended July 31. It derived \$12 million in revenues from its presumably unprofitable SUSE Linux business 
3	Briefly: Vonage users dial 311 for city info roundup Plus: Mozilla makes Japanese push...Macromedia offers Flash video tool...UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract.
3	Hong Kong police look into prank e-mail service (AFP) AFP - Hong Kong police said they were investigating an Internet service that posts bogus e-mails to unwitting recipients claiming to be from the police and other official organisations.
3	Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend\\The online advertising, search engine marketing, and web analytics markets may be booming, but for companies looking to go public, there has been a definite negative trend over the past month, with buyers not showing interest, or just waiting, during an otherwise down time ...
3	Olympic-size security demands advance planning ATHENS -- If there's one thing the Atos Origin SA team understands as lead contractor for the Olympic IT infrastructure, it's that you must learn from your mistakes.
3	US court: Software can #39;t commit piracy Truly decentralised peer-to-peer (P2P) software can #39;t be held accountable for its misuse, according to a US federal appeals court.
3	Entertainment World Wary of Microsoft (AP) AP - CinemaNow Inc., the Internet-based movie service, is a rarity in Hollywood  #151; a company that eagerly embraces Microsoft Corp. technology and relies on it exclusively to transmit, protect and display the movies it rents to customers. Then again, Microsoft is a major investor in the company, which is also owned by independent studio Lions Gate.
3	Software Doesn't Break Laws... (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - What do file-sharing companies and the National Rifle Association have in common?  A common legal argument, that's what.
3	Avoid Search Engine Blacklisting Avoid Search Engine Blacklisting\\The best way to avoid being blacklisted by the search engines is to avoid using some questionable techniques that were once popular to gain high rankings. Even if your website is not blacklisted by using some of the techniques below, it may be penalized (buried in the ...
1	Lankford Accepts Minor League Assignment (AP) AP - St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Ray Lankford accepted a minor league assignment to Triple-A Memphis on Monday, nine days after leaving the team to consider his career options.
"3	Virtual veins give nurses a hand \A virtual reality hand, complete with vital veins, that """"feels"""" could help trainee nurses practise their jabs."
3	Epson builds lightest, smallest micro-flying robot EPSON HAS ANNOUNCED that it has developed a successor to the FR  the world #39;s smallest and lightest micro-flying robot. The FR-II uses micromechatronics technology, and features Bluetooth wireless control and independent flight. It #39;ll go on show at the ...
3	Expedition to Peru Finds Five New Sites (AP) AP - An American-led expedition discovered five new districts in what its leader described as an ancient jungle metropolis on the slopes of the Peruvian Andes.
3	Briefly: Linux release features Windows support roundup Plus: Gmail delivered to desktops...Chinadotcom mobile services suspended...Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production.
1	Hudson Handcuffs O's Jermaine Dye began the fireworks in the sixth with a two-run home run and Tim Hudson baffled the Orioles as Oakland rolled, 11-0, Tuesday.
3	Dell's second-quarter earnings meet expectations CEO says firm saw no sales slowdown. Could results help calm waters after bad news from HP and Cisco?
3	Two NCSSM students win national team science competition Two students at the Durham NC School of Science and Mathematics will split \$100,000 in scholarship money for their cancer research.
3	Bangkok's Canals Losing to Urban Sprawl (AP) AP - Along the banks of the canal, women in rowboats grill fish and sell fresh bananas. Families eat on floating pavilions, rocked gently by waves from passing boats.
3	Macromedia to bolster video on the Web Macromedia on Tuesday is announcing a video kit to enable users of its authoring tools suite, Macromedia Studio MX 2004 with Flash Professional, to more easily add video to their Web sites.
3	I Confess.  I'm a Software Pirate. \\I'm guilty.  I'm a Software Pirate!  Not just one or two copies of DOS but\probably hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of software.\\Growing up my parents didn't have much money.  Certainly not hundred of\thousands of dollars for me to blow on software.  I was curious and had a\passion for computers that I couldn't control.  I simply wanted to learn and\couldn't afford to pay for software.\\Luckily I did this when I was a kid so hopefully I won't be prosecuted.  I also\believe that everything I did was ethical.  I didn't take any money out of the\hands of the software industry and I've already contributed WAY more to the\industry than a few hundred thousand in software sales.\\This is th ...\\
3	XBox, EA to Stage Interactive World Cup Microsoft Corp.'s XBox video game system will team up with software maker Electronic Arts Inc. to stage an online Interactive World Cup tournament later this year, the companies announced Thursday.
3	Tools wrap: Sun, Javalobby, Infravio make moves Officials at Sun Microsystems, Javalobby, and Infravio this week revealed initiatives positioned as advances in either Java development or Web services consumption.
3	Qualcomm drops licensing suit against TI LOS ANGELES (Reuters)  Qualcomm has dropped an \$18 million claim for monetary damages from rival Texas Instruments for publicly discussing terms of a licensing pact, a TI spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday. 
3	Scientists to Study Effects of Cruise Ship Waste JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) -- A team of scientists is traveling a 600-mile stretch of the Inside Passage this month to study the effects of cruise ship waste and other contaminants in Southeast Alaska waters.    The \$450,000 project is part of a nationwide look at the environmental health of coastal waters...
3	Real Slashes Online Song Prices (PC World) PC World - Digital music battle continues, as Real undercuts ITunes' prices.
"1	US NBA players become the Nightmare Team after epic loss (AFP) AFP - Call them the """"Nightmare Team""""."
3	When a Bridge Becomes a Lifeline Fifteen years after an earthquake damaged San Francisco's Bay Bridge, engineers are attempting to replace it with a stronger span. The project is said to be the most ambitious in state history. Part 1 of 2. By Amit Asaravala.
3	Britain Approves Human Cloning By EMMA ROSS     LONDON (AP) -- Britain granted its first license for human cloning Wednesday, more than three years after becoming the first nation to authorize the technique to produce stem cells for medical research.    A team of researchers at Newcastle University hope eventually to create insulin-producing cells that could be transplanted into diabetic patients...
3	Microsoft Sends XP SP2 Home Microsoft this week began distributing its latest update to the Windows XP operating system to home users through its Automatic Updates feature.
3	Home users get key Windows update Microsoft is making its important security update for Windows XP available on auto-update servers today.
1	Twins finish homestand with sweep Brad Radke pitched seven strong innings while Torii Hunter had three hits and three RBIs as the Twins knocked down the Indians again with a 7-3 victory Sunday.
3	IBM #39;s New Midrange Server Allows Multiple OS Environments IBM #39;s new eServer allows users to run multiple OS environments at the same time to increase efficiency. Customers can purchase the machine based on the processing power they need. The server comes in configurations from one to four-way and ...
3	Real is playing for keeps in music price war (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - RealNetworks today is slashing the price of a digital download to 49 cents a song from 99 cents - a bold move in the war over digital music.
3	Oracle expands midmarket ambitions Company looks to juice its application server business with a version tuned for smaller organizations.
3	Center Nurtures Newborn Security Cos. The Chesapeake Innovation Center is an Annapolis incubator focused solely on developing homeland security technologies.
3	Giant waves hurling boulders inland from British coasts: scientists Massive waves created by violent storms off Britain and Ireland are ripping off chunks of cliff and hurling them inland over distances scientists did not think possible. 
3	Better times for techies? Unemployment drops, optimism rises for computer professionals. Is it because the unhappy ones leave the field?
3	Southeast Coast Sees Fewer Turtle Nests (AP) AP - About half the usual number of loggerhead turtles have nested between North Carolina and Florida this season, and scientists have no explanation for the drop.
"3	IBM Takes New Tack in SCO Legal Battle (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In its ongoing war with SCO over Linux and Unix IP, IBM is trying a new tactic: declaring that SCO has no rights over its """"homegrown"""" Unix code."
3	Nevada Ponders Superfund Status for Mine (AP) AP - Pressured by a ranking senator from Nevada and the Environmental Protection Agency, Gov. Kenny Guinn says he might reconsider his opposition to a federal Superfund cleanup declaration for a huge abandoned mine contaminated with toxic waste and uranium.
"3	Apple to Recall 28,000 Laptop Batteries WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""""&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; has  agreed to recall about 28,000 batteries used in its 15-inch  PowerBook G4 laptop computers, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety  Commission said on Thursday."
3	Microsoft Sends XP SP2 Home OS security fix is being rolled out to users who have enabled Automatic Updates.
1	Seahawks Stuff Packers Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives as the Seahawks defeated the Packers, 21-3, on Monday night.
3	Sears launches consumer electronics line Department store selling projection TVs via Web; will offer them in stores in the fall, with other devices to follow.
3	New bird spotted in Philippines A bird species new to science has been found by researchers on a remote island in the northern Philippines.
3	Trojan Bites Symbian Phones Mobile phones are target of virus traveling through illegal version of the game Mosquitos.
2	Apple warns about bad batteries Apple is recalling 28,000 faulty batteries for its 15-inch Powerbook G4 laptops.
3	New Painkiller Produces Fewer Side Effects By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- A new painkiller, one of the family of COX-2 inhibitors, appears to be as safe as certain other drugs when it comes to cardiac effects.    And it's safer than other drugs that can cause gastrointestinal complications, new research contends...
3	FCC certifies Freescale ultrawideband technology Freescale Semiconductor starts shipping its XS110 chip, which will help consumers to connect devices wirelessly.
3	Yahoo to Sell Domain Names (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. plans to start selling Internet domain names Tuesday as part of its expanding services for small businesses.
3	New bird survives hungry Filipinos Manila - A new species of flightless bird has been discovered living on a tiny island in the northern Philippines where the inhabitants formerly ate them, scientists and birdwatchers said on Tuesday. 
3	The Call Is Cheap. The Wiretap Is Extra. t first glance, it might seem like the simple extension of a standard tool in the fight against the bad guys. But in fact, wiretapping Internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is costly 
3	Researcher Finds Flaws in XP SP2 German research firm Heise Security has issued an advisory for a pair of security flaws in Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) recently shipped Windows XP Service Pack 2 with a warning that attackers could launch malicious files from an untrusted zone. 
2	Microsoft takes down SP2 swappers Microsoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.
3	Discovery of Rail points to fragile biodiversity: Birdlife Intl The Calayan Rail, Gallirallus calayaensis, discovered by scientists in the northern tip of Babuyan islands in the Philippines archipelago. Photo: Des Allen/AP. 
3	Marriage between security, business needs KUALA LUMPUR: Computer Associates International Inc (www.ca.com) has announced a new technology model that aligns security management with business needs. 
3	Hollywood stunt pilots hope to snag a falling NASA craft PASADENA  To snag a spacecraft as it plummets to Earth after a three-year mission to collect bits of the sun, NASA has turned to Hollywood stunt pilots. 
3	PS2 price cut announcement, Xbox also cut Leipzig Game Convention in Germany, the stage for price-slash revelations. Sony has announced that it #39;s slashing the cost of PS2 in the UK and Europe to 104.99 GBP. 
3	Scientists Probe Pacific for Dead Zone (AP) AP - His hand on a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, Oregon State University graduate student Anthony Kirincich uses an array of scientific instruments to probe the vibrant waters of the Pacific. He is searching for the absence of life.
3	Briefly: Macromedia offers Flash video tool roundup Plus: UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract...Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link...Red Hat names new services executive.
3	Travel sites agree to changes for the blind Priceline.com and Ramada.com have agreed to make their Web pages easier to navigate for the blind and visually impaired as part of a settlement with New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
3	Buffy the Censor Slayer &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Readers drive stake through parents' group
3	The War Room Inside the fully immersive proving ground where tomorrow's soldiers are being trained by coalition forces of the Pentagon, Hollywood and Silicon Valley. By Steve Silberman from Wired magazine.
3	E-Commerce Sales Rise in Second Quarter WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US retail sales over the Internet rose 0.9 percent in the second quarter of 2004 and gained 23.1 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce to make purchases, a government report ...
"3	Tech Goes for Gold in Athens The success of this year's Olympic games in Athens rides on the fruits of high-tech labor, no matter whether it's the security system, events results or studying sharkskin to build a better swimsuit. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2""""\ color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
3	Lindows Delays IPO In the latest setback for IPO hopeful tech companies, San Diego-based Lindows (www.lindows.com) has indefinately postponed its IPO.
3	Growth, Mortality of T. Rex Gets Clearer (AP) AP - Here's a dinosaur finding that parents can appreciate: The teenage Tyrannosaurus rex typically went through an explosive growth spurt, gaining nearly 5 pounds a day.
3	Google Lowers IPO Price, Limits Shares Google Lowers IPO Price, Limits Shares\\Google's IPO wasn't as popular as expected, apparently not as many fish bit at the Dutch Auction bait.  Google will be lowering its estimated price range to between \$85 and \$95 per share, down from its earlier prediction of \$108 and \$135 per share ...
3	Hackers revive iTunes music sharing - OurTune A group of anonymous programmers has released new software that allows music to be swapped via Apple Computer #39;s popular iTunes jukebox.
3	IPod Music Player Winning Over Japan Fans When Sony Corp. President Kunitake Ando showed off the new Walkman meant to counter the assault by Apple's iPod portable music player, he held the prized gadget at the gala event upside down.
3	Drug 'could boost malaria fight' Scientists develop a synthetic version of a herb-based drug to treat malaria.
3	Windows installer gains .Net authoring Wise Solutions has released Wise for Windows Installer 6.0, featuring .Net support and enhanced tools for creating installations for data-driven Web applications. 
3	The start of something big? CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos says start-ups and their innovative ideas are the lifeblood of Silicon Valley.
3	Microsoft Previews 64-Bit XP, Promises No Price Hikes It posted a free beta version, and said the new edition would be priced at the same level as the 32-bit edition. 
3	NASA Identifies Foam Flaw That Killed Astronauts (Reuters) Reuters - The foam that struck the space\shuttle Columbia after liftoff and led to the deaths of all\seven astronauts on board was defective, NASA said on Friday.
3	Boy Escapes Cougar Near Canada's Jasper Park (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian wildlife\officials warned visitors to Jasper National Park on Tuesday to\be on the alert for cougars after one the animals attacked a\five-year-old boy.
3	Amazon.com to Acquire Retailer Joyo.com Internet retail giant Amazon.com Inc. said Thursday that it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Joyo.com Ltd., China #39;s largest online retailer of books, music and videos, in a deal worth about \$75 million.
3	U.S. intelligence overhaul eyed amid concerns for antiterror fight Congressional hearings raised more questions than answers about impending organizational changes in the intelligence community and their impact on efforts to improve the nation's antiterror fight.
3	Catwoman far from perfect The Catwoman game is a major disappointment that feels like a pointless tie-in with the film.
3	Group Enlists Honey Pots to Track IM, P2P Threats IMlogic Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to use honey pots to track malicious virus activity on instant messaging and peer-to-peer networks.
3	Soldering Surprise There's nothing routine about working in space, as astronaut Mike Fincke found out recently when he did some soldering onboard the International Space Station.
3	U.S. Broadband Growth Slows - Analyst WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. telephone and cable companies  saw the growth of high-speed Internet services slow in the  second quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an industry  research firm said on Tuesday.
3	Fertilizer thieves targeted with stain Farmers fed up with methamphetamine cooks stealing their fertilizer may soon catch them pink handed, thanks to a new dye developed by a Southern Illinois farmer.
3	Microsoft details XP SP2 conflicts Microsoft Corp. has published a list of nearly 50 applications and games that may not work correctly after installing Service Pack 2 (SP2) for Windows XP.
3	Oracle v. DOJ: Traders bet on Oracle special coverage Assuming Oracle will win its antitrust suit, traders are scooping up PeopleSoft options.
3	New Target Price Could Make Google a Bargain By MICHAEL J. MARTINEZ     NEW YORK (AP) -- The e-mail that popped into my inbox early Wednesday morning was the latest in a string of surprises in Google's long-awaited IPO...
3	Animating for the Super Bowl Against an impossible deadline, a small team at Sony Cinematics Solutions Group created a two-minute animated promo to prove that a tech-savvy group could do dazzling broadcast work. Aug 13
1	New York Mets Team Report - August 22 (Sports Network) - Matt Ginter will get the start for an injured Victor Zambrano this afternoon when the New York Mets conclude their three-game series with the San Francisco Giants at SBC Park.
3	Forecast: Plenty of Activity On the Weather Blog Front If it's possible to love something just because it could visit torrents upon the Washington region, fling hail from the skies and swell streams into rivers, then Jason Samenow is smitten.
3	Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you've just raised roughly \$1.7 billion from investors by going public. What are you going to do now?
3	Produce less beef and save water The Stockholm International Water Institute in Sweden claims it takes 15 cubic metres of water, or 15,000 litres, to produce one kilogram of grain-fed beef. 
3	Microsoft benches sports games Turn out the lights, the party's over for unit that created mainstream sports games for the Xbox. Seventy-six workers lose jobs.
3	Computer Experts Vie in Hacking Contest (AP) AP - Armed with laptops, modems, hard disk drives and sandwiches, 12 computer experts hunkered down Friday for a seven-hour contest to find the best hacker in tech-savvy Singapore.
3	News: How Strongly Does the Sun Influence the Climate? Researchers have shown that the Sun can be responsible for, at most, only a small part of the warming over the last 20-30 years. (Max Planck Society press release)
"3	Insect Vibrations Tell of Good Times and Bad Thornbugs communicate by vibrating the branches they live on. Now scientists are discovering just what the bugs are """"saying."
3	Why cyberscofflaws get off easy CNET News.com's Declan McCullagh explains why convicted virus and worm authors are more likely to do Club Fed than hard time.
3	One, two, ... er, too many Researchers claim to have solved the mystery of the people who simply do not count. It could be because they are lost for words. 
3	Nanotech Research Spending Seen Reaching \$8.6B Worldwide research and\development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology\should rise about 10 percent this year to \$8.6 billion, a\research firm said on Monday.
3	Fairfax Tempts Foreign Firms to Branch Out Fairfax County is hoping to counter the exodus of U.S. jobs to other countries by persuading overseas companies to open branches in Fairfax, where they can hire Americans.
3	A brighter Outlook? The start-up company made its retail debut Wednesday with You Perform, a collection of more than a dozen add-ons for Outlook, the widely used e-mail and calendar application included in Microsoft Office. 
3	New Ernie machine to make debut The new version of Ernie - the number cruncher which selects premium bond prizes - is to be unveiled on Tuesday.
3	China to crack down on telephone sex BEIJING (Reuters) - China #39;s communist leaders, in a fresh move to eradicate pornography, have targeted the telephone sex industry, ordering severe punishment for anyone offering the service, the official People #39;s Daily says. 
3	VoIP firm tussles with states over phone numbers Dispute between regulators and SBC IP Communications highlights an endangered species: the 10-digit number.
3	Sybase upgrades PowerBuilder, plots RFID move Sybase Inc. released a new version of its application development tool on Monday, called PowerBuilder 10, and outlined plans for an upgrade to its database software, Adaptive Server Enterprise, which will go into beta at the end of this month and is due for release next year.
1	Track and field: Big night for Lauryn Williams Moments after the women #39;s Olympic 100-meter final last night, US sprinter Lauryn Williams looked up at the giant scoreboard in Olympic Stadium and saw an inspiring image, captured 
3	Windows Update Operating systems just ain #39;t what they used to be. For a while, Microsoft released a new version of Windows every two or three yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all used and thought about technology. But now, there #39;s a ...
3	EasyMobile faces Orange showdown Easyjet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou faces a potential clash with Orange over plans for a mobile phone service.
3	Teleportation goes long distance Physicists teleport particles of light a distance of 600m across the River Danube in Austria, the journal Nature reports.
3	Making Slideshows Comparing photo slideshow computer applications, Thomas E. Weber writes for the Wall Street Journal,  #147;Those using an Apple computer won #146;t need to agonize over which slideshow program to choose. Apple #146;s excellent iLife package (\$49; included with new Macs) is all they #146;ll need. Users can construct slideshows in the package #146;s easy-to-use iDVD program or move slideshows from iPhoto into iDVD for burning onto a disc. For more effects, the iMovie video-editing software can add panning and zooming motion. #148; Aug 17
3	Report: Los Alamos lab needs better hardware inventory In a report this week, the U.S. Department of Energy said inventory controls at the Los Alamos National Laboratory were not robust enough, and some computers were never entered into the lab's inventory database.
3	Electronic Arts Breaking Out Game kingpin and Motley Fool Stock Advisor recommendation Electronic Arts (Nasdaq: ERTS) has another hit on its hands. Madden NFL 2005 was the top-selling game its first week on the market.
1	Paula Radcliffe gives up Paula Radcliffe has withdrawn in tears after just over two hours of the Olympic women #39;s marathon. The world record holder and big favourite was in fourth place at the time but was losing ground.
"3	EA Video Game 'Madden' Tops 1.3 Million First Week LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - """"Madden NFL 2005,"""" the latest  version of Electronic Arts Inc.'s &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ERTS.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""""&gt;ERTS.O&lt;/A&gt;  pro football video  game franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its first  week of release, the company said on Thursday, citing internal  figures."
3	Windows XP SP2 Help Certainly you know by now that Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) has been released. As anticipated, some systems have had problems after installation of the new service pack. But many people report that their installations have been successful and without ...
1	Rangers remain in step Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the visiting Cleveland Indians last night.
3	REVIEW: Olympics Web Coverage Disappoints (AP) AP - Though NBC is blanketing seven networks with 1,210 hours of Olympics coverage, there's this pesky, bill-paying task called work that keeps me from fully enjoying the televised competition.
3	Meet the new boss, same as the old boss? When heir apparent Paul Otellini takes the reins, what will the chipmaker look like?
3	High-Speed Internet Shouldn #39;t Be Delayed Back in the go-go days of the tech boom, there was a lot of talk about fast Internet connections enabling consumers to do all manner of useful and fun things, from online banking to viewing movies online.
1	Montreal at San Francisco, 7:05 PM SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- The San Francisco Giants will look for their sixth straight win Tuesday when they continue a four-game series against the Montreal Expos at SBC Park. 
1	I #39;ll be No.1 - Owen Michael Owen is confident that he will be a success at Real Madrid following his 8m move from Liverpool. 
3	DNA Project May Reunite Adoptees with their Parents By MITCH STACY     SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) -- Linda Hammer has helped thousands of adoptees find birth families through her people-finding Web site, weekly radio show and newspaper column...
3	Nanotech Research Spending Seen Reaching \$8.6 Bln SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Worldwide research and  development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology  should rise about 10 percent this year to \$8.6 billion, a  research firm said on Monday.
3	Sidebar: The nuts and bolts of COM -- Objects, Interfaces and GUIDs A quick course in how some of the most esoteric aspects of COM work.
3	Rogue proteins give yeast an edge Rogue proteins that behave like those linked to vCJD and Alzheimer's can give yeast a survival advantage.
3	McAfee Finds Security in Foundstone (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Shortly after we came back from our big vacation overseas in May, my Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL - News) PowerBook was hit with a computer virus. I can't tell you which one, but it was enough to cripple my Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT - News) Office for the Mac software. Symantec's (Nasdaq: SYMC - News) Norton Anti-Virus found the bug, and then eradicated it by exterminating my entire in-box. (Thanks, guys.)
3	Xbox to Stop Making Some Sports Games Microsoft Corp.'s Xbox video game business will lay off 76 workers and stop making some sports games, the company said.
"3	'Insider' Information Puts City Blogs on the Map Locally focused group """"metro"""" blogs -- compilations of events, reflections, recommendations, news and complaints -- are emerging to put a number of big cities in intimate, street-level relief."
1	Record-breaking Kiwi relegates Mactier to silver Southern stars: 3000 metres women #39;s pursuit gold medallist Sarah Ulmer, right, hug #39;s Australia #39;s silver medallist Katie Mactier after beating her in a record breaking final.
3	Nortel to lay off 10 of staff Nortel plans to cut about 3,500 jobs, most of them affecting middle managers, in a move to save \$450 million to \$500 million per year.
3	PostgreSQL 8.0 will run on Windows Open-source database to jump from beta testing to production within three months.
3	Massive game advertising startup to aid desperate brands &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Product placement in computer and console games
3	Avian flu 'discovered in pigs' Scientists in China say they have discovered the highly virulent H5N1 strain of bird flu in pigs.
3	Researchers spot XP SP2 security weakness Security researchers believe they have discovered a weakness in the new security given to Windows XP by the recently unveiled Service Pack 2 (SP2). 
3	IBM asks for Linux ban on SCO No, the SCO Group is the copyright violator, according to Big Blue's latest filing.
3	Reports criticize DHS for lack of progress on IT The GAO and the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general have issued critical reports about IT at the DHS -- a development that calls into question whether a proposed consolidation of U.S. intelligence agencies would lead to the same kinds of problems.
3	Reading Feeds With Thunderbird The Mozilla Foundation today officially launched the Thunderbird email program - a companion to the Firefox Web browser. If you #39;re on a POP3 or IMAP email server, check out Thunderbird.
3	Briefly: Kinko's debuts Web-based print options roundup Plus: Majoras takes charge of FTC...Business Objects to bundle IBM tools...Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat.
3	Browsing for secure alternative browsers AUGUST 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Web browsers are our windows to the Internet. They enable us to navigate about the Internet with ease and they help secure us and protect our privacy when we conduct online transactions. 
3	Saturn in Red This Cassini spacecraft wide angle camera view shows a half-lit Saturn, with two dark storms rolling through its southern hemisphere. The image was taken in visible red light on July 19, 2004, at a distance of 6.2 million kilometers (3.9 million miles) ...
3	Cisco-Fujitsu Deal Highlights Japan #39;s Internet Dominance Cisco, the largest maker of computer-networking equipment, formed an alliance with Fujitsu to increase sales to Japanese telephone carriers.
3	Saturn's Moon Titan: Prebiotic Laboratory by Harry Bortman    In this second and final part of the interview, Lunine explains how Huygens may help scientists understand the origin of life on Earth, even if it doesn't detect life on Titan.    Astrobiology Magazine -- Titan is the only moon in our solar system with an atmosphere, and it is the organic chemistry that has been detected in that atmosphere that has sparked the imagination of planetary scientists like Lunine...
3	CA acquires PestPatrol Over the past year, spyware has become an increasing problem. Every time that you visit a web site, you must run the gauntlet of a variety of pop-up adverts, any of which can be programmed to place spyware on your computer. 
"3	Dying Star Goes Out With a Ring A new image from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope shows the shimmering embers of a dying star, and in their midst a mysterious doughnut-shaped ring. The dying star is part of a """"planetary nebula"""" called NGC 246. When a star like our own Sun begins to run out of fuel, its core shrinks and heats up, boiling off the star's outer layers."
1	Anaheim Angels Team Report - August 20 (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels try to make it three straight wins this evening when they start a three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. 
3	IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said yesterday.
3	Do-It-Yourself Phishing Kits Lead To More Scams Do-it-yourself phishing kits are freely available on the Internet, a security firm said Thursday, and they will lead to more scams sent to online consumers. 
"3	Gateway Says More PCs Available at Office Depot SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GTW.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""""&gt;GTW.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its personal computers would be widely available at  Office Depot. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ODP.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; in the latest move by the PC maker to  broaden distribution at retail stores since acquiring rival  eMachines this year."
3	Britons embrace digital lifestyle People in the UK are spending more time and money going digital, says communications watchdog Ofcom.
"3	Livermore: No need for HP-UX on x86 CHICAGO -- This cannot be an easy time for Ann Livermore. When Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) missed Wall Street's earnings expectations late last week, the blame was placed squarely on the shoulders of the Enterprise Servers and Storage Group, one of the divisions she manages. """"Unacceptable"""" problems within the group cost HP \$400 million in revenue and \$275 million in operating profit, said HP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina just hours before HP announced the sacking of three senior executives within the division."
3	Tech's impact on sport success Sports science has allowed athletes to prepare for this Olympiad using technology beyond their predecessors' wildest dreams.
3	Riddick's mixed bag of tricks The Chronicle of Riddick franchise is very mixed in terms of success and quality.
3	Ring tones, phone games to rake it in Revenue from wireless data services could reach \$189 billion in 2009, according to a new report.
3	Google Stock Offering Remains on Track (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s stock market debut appeared to be on track for later this week after the Internet search company asked regulators to give final approval of the paperwork required for the sale.
1	Austin Relieved His Head Wasn't Shouldering a Problem Potomac Cannons right-handed pitcher Jeff Austin said he thought we was a head case after several horrendous outings with the  big league club in Cincinnati last May.
3	Russian Cargo Craft Docks at Space Station (AP) AP - A Russian cargo ship docked with the international space station Saturday, bringing food, water, fuel and other items to the two-man Russian-American crew, a space official said.
3	Utah a Clean Air Act offender, study says A new national study identifies Utah as one of at least 29 states that have loopholes in their laws allowing for  quot;accidental quot; pollution emissions beyond the limits of the federal Clean Air Act.
3	Wal-Mart does the notebook price limbo The retailer trots out a portable PC for less than \$600. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
1	Singh Snares PGA Title Vijay Singh outlasts Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in a three-way playoff to win the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wisconsin.
3	Hopes soar for solo record plane Richard Branson says the Virgin Global Flyer is looking good for its solo trip around the world without refuelling.
3	Guitar Player Honors GarageBand Guitar Player magazine announced during the summer NAMM show in Nashville that it has awarded GarageBand the magazine #146;s reader #146;s choice for Best Software of 2004. Jul 29
3	Mobile Boohoo for Sohu (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Chinese net stock Sohu.com (Nasdaq: SOHU - News) dropped by 10 on Friday after the company announced that its multimedia messaging services with China Mobile Communication had been temporarily suspended for a year. The sanctions were imposed after Sohu sent solicitations for phone messaging services without China Mobile's approval. Sohu is now down 25 after its high-flying start to this calendar year.
3	Earnings alert: BEA revenue rises amid turmoil Plus: Dell meets expectations...Storage, servers bruise HP earnings...Healthy sales lift Cisco's profit.
3	Hunt for XP SP2 flaws seen in full swing Security experts said that while the new Service Pack 2 for Windows XP will bolster the operating system's security, hackers will still find a way to exploit any flaws.
3	The Next Great Space Race: SpaceShipOne and Wild Fire to Go For the Gold (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A piloted rocket ship race to claim a  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize purse for privately financed flight to the edge of space is heating up.
3	Tech industry split in its political donations The IT industry has two horses in the U.S. presidential race this year.
3	Getting beyond the next big thing McKinsey says a post-boom tech industry can profit mightily by taking stock in the operations of many slower-growth industries.
3	SEC Opens Inquiry Into Google Stock Issue (AP) AP - In another twist to Google Inc.'s public stock offering, the Internet search company said federal regulators have opened an informal inquiry into its failure to register millions of shares.
3	Satellite boosts Olympic security An enhanced satellite location system aims to help Olympic security guards react more quickly to emergencies.
3	Battle heightens over San Francisco bridge costs Plagued by delays and cost overruns, a \$5.1 billion renovation of San Francisco #39;s Bay Bridge has run into added problems as the state refuses to pay for 
3	Symantec Upgrades Norton Security Products Symantec has unveiled new versions of its Norton security products--beefing up some of the real-time and automated features--and will release them in the next few weeks. 
3	OSDL introduces improved Linux kernel development tool Open Source Development Lab has upgraded a key Linux kernel development tool, the Scalable Test Platform, with new features to improve simulations of enterprise data centers on the Linux kernel.
1	European team starts to take shape Luke Donald made an early charge in a late bid to make his first Ryder Cup team, but now must wait one week to see if European captain Bernhard Langer finds him worthy of a captain #39;s pick.
3	N.M. Museum to Launch Names Into Space (AP) AP - The New Mexico Museum of Space History will be shipping names to the stars with the first X-Prize launch into space.
3	'Virtual' repairs for Cutty Sark Digital models of an historic ship are created as part of its restoration to test if it will survive the process.
3	N.Y. Orders Power Plants to Cut Emissions (AP) AP - Citing what they called a public health emergency, New York officials on Tuesday ordered power plants to reduce emissions blamed for acid rain.
0	Google Confounds European Investors (Reuters) Reuters - Web surfers from Beijing to Berkeley\have made Google their search engine of choice, but some of\Europe's institutional investors have gone sour on the dot-com\on the eve of its initial public offering.
3	Mozilla Sparks New Fire with Thunderbird E-Mail Client Thunderbird is touting its new features, like RSS news and blog reader integration into its e-mail client. Users can scan and sort through hundreds of headlines.
3	LCD price cuts on the rise due to oversupply Prices are expected to fall for 17 and 19 inch Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) TV panels based on Thin Film Technology (TFT), according to a report by Electronic News.
3	Chandra Celebrates Five Years of Scientific Breakthroughs Marshall Space Flight Center -- On August 12, 1999, NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory opened its sunshade doors for the first time, allowing celestial X-ray light to reach the observatory's mirrors. This one small step for the observatory proved to be a giant leap for science as Chandra began its mission to shed new light on a violent, mysterious universe invisible to the human eye...
3	IE Drag-and-Drop Flaw Warning A security bug in Microsoft Internet Explorer #39;s drag-and-drop feature could put millions of Web surfers at risk of malicious hacker attacks, researchers warned on Thursday. 
3	Canadian Ansari X Prize Entrant Takes the Plunge in Test (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A Canadian team of rocketeers has moved one step closer to\launching its own manned spacecraft with the successful parachute drop test of a\crew capsule today.\\ nbsp;\\The backers of Canadian Arrow, a rocket entry in the  #36;10 million\Ansari X Prize competition, watched happily as their crew compartment drifted\down into Lake Ontario.\\ nbsp;\\Today totally proves our Canadian Arrow design, said\Geoff Sheerin, leader of the London, Ontario-based Arrows bid for the X Prize.\It went really well and everything worked as it should. ...
3	A Digital Doctor Treats Computer Contamination (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Before me lies the patient, a Gateway computer running Windows 98. It is suffering from extremely clogged Internet arteries, unable to reach the Web. As one of The Washington Post's digital doctors, my task is to nurse the machine back to health so my colleague Kathleen Day can access her e-mail and file stories from home.
1	Ortiz shines in Angels win Ramon Ortiz pitched eight shutout innings as Adam Kennedy and Garret Anderson homered to lead the Anaheim Angels to a 5-0 road win over the New York Yankees on Friday. 
0	Weak Demand Leads Google to Lower Its Sights Google slashed the number of shares and concluded its unorthdox online auction by accepting a price well below its original target.
3	Internet phone service seen as growth industry Rising broadband penetration is keeping equipment makers for Internet phone service on their toes in light of their aggression participation in the upcoming Taipei telecom show, event organizers said yesterday.
3	EPA must close loopholes in emissions law Loopholes in state laws that regulate hazardous emissions pose a serious risk to the health of millions of Americans and need to be revised, according to a report published this week.
1	Mets lose Trach in field SAN FRANCISCO - Steve Trachsel lasted only four innings and the Mets committed three errors in a 7-3 loss to the Giants last night at SBC Park. 
1	Texas rides cycle Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history -- and first in more than 19 years -- to hit for the cycle, leading host Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians last night.
1	Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on Carolina.
3	Wal-Mart offers sub-\$600 notebook The retailer trots out a bargain portable PC that packs Wi-Fi. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
3	Google Is One for the Books, Leaving Some With Regrets Top Silicon Valley venture capitalists who missed out on the Google deal are scratching their heads.
3	Nortel goes under the knife again WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The latest corporate overhaul by Nortel Networks will shear the company of all its manufacturing operations and leave it with 70 percent fewer workers than it had four years ago. 
3	'Mean Creek': A familiar flow (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This tiny shot-on-video downer hits theaters at the same time as a more deluxe home version of Martin Scorsese's career-making melodrama Mean Streets comes to DVD. The timing is probably coincidence, because Creek's anti-urban setting (largely a boat in rocky waters) has far more in common with several other well-known movies, which is part of its problem.
3	Google Sharply Reduces IPO Share Price Google, Inc. significantly cut the expected share price this morning for its initial public stock offering, signaling lower-than-anticipated demand for the most highly publicized new stock since the late 1990s.
3	File-sharing not a threat to musicians and artists Internet file sharing has been one of the hottest-burning controversies for years. A new survey of musicians and artists promises to throw gas on the fire.
1	Woodgate to join Real after passing medical MADRID, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Newcastle United defender Jonathan Woodgate will sign for Real Madrid after passing a medical on Friday, joining the Spanish club on a four-year deal for a reported 20 million euros (\$24.74 million). 
1	Perry Out for Season Eagles running back Bruce Perry will miss his rookie season after dislocating a shoulder in an exhibition game against the New England Patriots.
2	Hamid Karzai to arrive Islamabad on Monday ISLAMABAD : Afghan President Hamid Karzai is arriving in Islamabad on Monday on a two day visit to Pakistan. He will have talks with President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Ch.
3	Judges rule file-sharing software legal update A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial court decision that said file-sharing software programs such as Grokster or Morpheus are legal.
3	Berlin Zoo Separates Baby Rhino from Clumsy Mother (Reuters) Reuters - Vets at a Berlin zoo have been forced to\separate a baby rhino from his mother for fear she may\accidentally trample him to death, zoo officials said on\Tuesday.
3	Warming threatens California wine California is to get hotter and drier by the end of the century, threatening its valuable wine industry.
2	Product Previews, 8/16/2004 Novell brings updated kernel to enterprise LinuxTimed to coincide with this years linuxworld expo, Novell has announced SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9. Though Novells SuSE division has marketed a commercial Linux distribution based on the v2.6 kernel, this is the first to be granted the more stringently qualified enterprise designation. Besides kernel-level improvements and the usual collection of updated software packages, this release offers improved fail-over, clustering, and resource management and comes bundled with Novells ZENworks configuration management software for Linux. The company claims that its AutoBuild system allows it to offer identical configurations for a variety of platforms, including x86 (both 32- and 64-bit), Itanium, IBM POWER, and IBM mainframes. Free evaluation downloads are available now and support subscriptions start at \$349 per dual-CPU server.SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9, Novell/SuSE
