3	even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
3	it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
2	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
2	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
3	just bring on the battle bots , please !
3	a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
3	nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
3	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
3	a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
1	the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
3	lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
3	sleek and arty .
3	an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
2	-lrb- a -rrb- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
4	there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
3	for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
3	and that makes all the difference .
3	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
2	gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
3	even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
3	if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
3	all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
3	this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
2	i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .
3	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
3	what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
3	a wonderful , ghastly film .
2	... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
2	it 's just plain boring .
2	it 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
2	the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
3	a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
3	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .
2	it 's just a little too self-satisfied .
3	offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
3	-lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
3	while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
3	compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
3	watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
3	if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
3	nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
3	would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
3	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
2	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
3	an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
3	hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
3	this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
3	if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .
3	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
3	it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
2	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
3	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
3	succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
3	a solidly entertaining little film .
2	the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .
3	rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
3	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
3	it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
1	... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
3	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
3	it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
3	an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
3	boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
3	in fact , it 's quite fun in places .
2	`` i blame all men for war , '' -lrb- the warden 's daughter -rrb- tells her father .
2	entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
3	you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
3	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
2	broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
3	everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .
2	i survived .
3	though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .
3	they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
3	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
3	comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
4	will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
2	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
3	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
3	nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
2	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
2	one gets the impression the creators of do n't ask do n't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
3	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
3	works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
3	when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
4	it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
3	she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
2	a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
3	the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
2	a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
3	... spiced with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -rrb-
3	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
3	reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
3	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
3	cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
3	it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
2	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
3	a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
3	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
3	a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
3	a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
2	the film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
1	nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
4	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
1	though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
2	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
3	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
3	metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
2	summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
3	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
3	can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
3	happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
1	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
3	not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
4	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
3	yes .
1	the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
3	what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
2	unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
2	this is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .
3	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
3	an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
3	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
3	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
3	promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
2	it 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
3	it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
3	mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
3	despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
2	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
2	de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
3	the gags are often a stitch .
2	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
2	it 's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you 've seen the remake first .
2	oops , she 's really done it this time .
2	except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
3	take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
3	amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
3	a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
3	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
2	dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
3	i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
1	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
1	noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
2	the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
3	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
1	the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
2	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
2	there is so much plodding sensitivity .
4	a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
3	and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
3	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
2	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
3	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
3	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
2	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
3	confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
2	the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
2	merry friggin ' christmas !
2	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
3	in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
3	arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
4	it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
4	the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
3	cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
3	you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
2	tells -lrb- the story -rrb- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of -lrb- being -rrb- in a shrugging mood .
3	nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
3	connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
3	beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
3	an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
3	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
2	it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
3	a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
2	it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
3	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
1	a mess .
3	the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
3	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
0	... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
2	the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
1	this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
3	alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
3	really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
3	rewarding .
3	criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
2	just watch bettany strut his stuff .
3	stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
3	though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
3	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
3	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
2	far away .
3	like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
3	if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
3	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
2	to the degree that ivans xtc .
3	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
3	old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
3	a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
3	even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
3	an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
2	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
3	clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
3	nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
2	an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
2	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
3	while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
3	i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
3	while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
3	a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
2	it 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
3	you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
3	much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
3	sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
3	claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
3	quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
3	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
2	was i scared ?
3	michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
3	it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
3	do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
3	it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
3	the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
3	if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
3	what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
3	but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
3	by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
2	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
4	cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
3	it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
3	while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
2	the filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
3	it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
3	this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
3	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
3	a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
3	but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
3	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
3	a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
3	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
2	brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
3	both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
3	moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
3	it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
3	`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
3	although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
3	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
3	the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
3	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
3	chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
3	at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
3	beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
3	it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
2	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
1	some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
3	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
3	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
3	-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
2	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
3	there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0	this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
2	rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
3	quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
3	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
3	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
1	it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
3	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
3	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
2	the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
3	surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
3	birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
3	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
3	argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
2	i wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but i laughed so much that i did n't mind .
3	has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
3	with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
3	she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
3	writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
3	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
3	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
3	return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
3	bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
3	sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
3	highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
2	while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
1	there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
3	no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
3	a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
2	sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
2	if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
3	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
2	quelle surprise !
3	world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
2	while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
3	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
3	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
3	predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
2	the ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well i 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
3	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
3	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
3	too clever by about nine-tenths .
2	a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
2	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
2	though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
3	it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
3	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
1	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
3	the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
3	campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
3	this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
2	... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
2	the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
3	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
2	arnie blows things up .
2	ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
3	at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
3	it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
3	carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
2	but not a whit more .
3	like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net .
2	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
3	it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '
3	murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .
3	writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
3	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
3	if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
1	there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
2	dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
3	a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
3	the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
2	in many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
3	indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
2	overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
3	efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
3	-lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
2	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
2	this may be dover kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
3	those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
2	we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
3	holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
3	from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .
3	as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
2	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .
3	a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
1	this is a truly , truly bad movie .
3	the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
3	it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
2	anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
3	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
4	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
3	but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
3	the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
3	asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
2	though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
3	elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
3	fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
3	other than the slightly flawed -lrb- and fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is top shelf .
3	about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
2	the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i 've got to give it thumbs down .
2	succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
2	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
3	you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
3	a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
2	the photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
2	if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice 's novel the vampire chronicles .
3	it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
3	much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
3	all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
2	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
2	this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
3	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
3	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
3	even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
3	this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
2	while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
2	it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
3	the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
3	a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
3	although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
3	it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
2	thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .
3	everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
2	this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
3	a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
3	an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
2	where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
3	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
2	qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
3	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
2	but if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
3	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
3	there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
3	any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
3	... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
3	beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
3	it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .
3	it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
2	the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
3	for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
3	murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
3	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
3	not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .
3	it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
2	cynics need not apply . '
3	it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
2	a glorious mess .
3	woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
2	the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
3	when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
1	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
2	meant to reduce blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane 's superhero dystopia .
3	a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
2	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
3	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
2	not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
1	it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
3	` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
2	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
2	a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
3	at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
1	a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
2	as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
3	as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
2	every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
3	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
3	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
3	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
2	displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
3	-lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
3	in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
1	ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
3	deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
3	it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
2	it did n't go straight to video .
2	wobbly senegalese updating of `` carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
2	this version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
3	starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
1	chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
2	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
2	o.k. , not really .
3	you live the mood rather than savour the story .
3	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .
2	a melancholy , emotional film .
3	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
2	your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
2	charming and funny -lrb- but ultimately silly -rrb- movie .
3	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
2	it 's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
3	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
3	-lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year .
3	the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
2	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's animal house .
2	just plain silly .
3	the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
3	spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
2	it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
2	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
3	visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
2	stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
3	this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
2	brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
3	-lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
2	while -lrb- roman coppola -rrb- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
2	a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
3	from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
3	a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
2	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
3	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
3	it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .
3	one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
3	the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
2	an uplifting , largely bogus story .
3	pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
3	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .
3	-lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
2	... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
2	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
2	dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
2	if there 's one big point to promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
3	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
3	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
3	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
3	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
3	assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
3	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
3	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
3	if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
3	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
2	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
2	i ca n't .
3	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
3	although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
3	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
3	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
2	secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
3	unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
3	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
3	a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
3	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
2	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair .
2	a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
3	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
3	if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
3	an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
3	i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
3	at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
3	there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
2	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
3	it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
2	what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
3	george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
2	it 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
3	when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
3	it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
3	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
2	it 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
2	if you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
3	what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
3	notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
2	williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia .
2	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
2	-lrb- it -rrb- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
0	rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
2	it wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
3	it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
3	the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
3	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
3	those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
3	i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
3	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
3	by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
3	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
3	beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
3	`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
2	it 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
3	a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
3	like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
3	howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
3	and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
3	with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
2	a porn film without the sex scenes .
3	even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
2	i had more fun with ben stiller 's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever .
2	old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
3	it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .
1	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
2	chances are you wo n't , either .
1	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
3	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
2	who knew ...
3	for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
2	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as ` belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
3	he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
2	i did n't think so .
2	highly irritating at first , mr. koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
2	acting can not be acted .
1	spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
3	just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
3	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
2	i admit it , i hate to like it .
3	everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
3	piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
2	wow , a jump cut !
3	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
3	ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
3	the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
2	will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts ...
3	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
3	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
2	colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
2	halloween : resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
3	it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
3	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
3	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
1	the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
2	everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
2	it 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
3	it deserves to be seen everywhere .
2	not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
1	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
3	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
3	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
3	mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
3	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
2	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
3	all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
2	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
3	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
3	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
3	confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
3	nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
3	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
3	shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
2	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
3	there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
2	a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .
3	what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
3	its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
2	a drama ?
2	it 's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up .
2	there 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
2	many of benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
3	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
3	successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
3	a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
3	your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
2	it 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
3	it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
3	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
2	flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose 's performance .
3	like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
2	feels untidily honest .
3	there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
2	peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
3	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
2	the film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
3	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
3	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
2	` men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
3	it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
2	`` what really happened ? ''
3	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
2	a picture as erratic as its central character .
2	occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
3	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
3	do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
2	it never is , not fully .
2	do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
2	it 's not particularly subtle ... however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
3	the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
3	with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
2	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
2	in -lrb- screenwriter -rrb- charlie kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
3	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
2	with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
2	there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
2	if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
2	a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
3	what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
2	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
3	the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
2	she 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .
3	a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
2	a well-acted , but one-note film .
1	in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
2	the action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
2	the movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
3	the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
3	a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
2	who is the audience for cletis tout ?
2	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
2	has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
3	a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
2	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
2	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
2	whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
2	it 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
3	he drags it back , single-handed .
2	sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
3	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
3	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
2	you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold .
2	trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
2	it 's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
2	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
2	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
2	reyes ' word processor .
3	` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
3	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
3	-lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
1	broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
2	formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
3	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
2	being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
2	feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
2	while hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
3	both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
2	it 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
2	lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for -lrb- and misses -rrb- .
2	this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
2	a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
2	an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
3	it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
2	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
1	for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
2	moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
2	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
3	miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
1	the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
2	and how .
2	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
2	supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .
2	well-meaning but inert .
2	elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
2	a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
2	it 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
3	michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
2	you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
2	this is not chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
2	scenario that will give most parents pause ... then , something terrible happens .
2	the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
2	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
2	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
1	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
2	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
3	devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
2	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
2	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
2	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
2	in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
3	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
2	grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
1	this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
2	got a david lynch jones ?
2	that is because - damn it !
1	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
2	at the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli .
2	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
2	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
2	spy-vs .
2	with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
2	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
3	beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
2	the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
2	director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
1	the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
2	troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
2	director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
2	at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
2	oh , and booty call .
2	new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
2	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
2	this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
2	smothered by its own solemnity .
2	benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
2	only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
2	humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
2	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
2	visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
1	this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
2	very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
2	an original little film about one young woman 's education .
2	an unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
2	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
2	or intelligent .
2	you do n't want to call the cops .
3	evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
1	too bad .
1	too bad .
2	punitively affirmational parable .
2	less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
2	yep , it 's `` waking up in reno . ''
2	may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
2	demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
3	the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
3	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
2	in period costume and with a bigger budget .
2	it is there to give them a good time .
2	all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
2	confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
2	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
2	but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
2	the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
2	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
2	an often unfunny romp .
2	as it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
2	silly , loud and goofy .
2	13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .
2	true hollywood story .
2	true hollywood story .
2	it 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
2	no big hairy deal .
2	did the film inform and educate me ?
2	as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
2	if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
2	it 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
2	has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
2	courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
2	britney 's performance can not be faulted .
2	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
1	a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
2	it 's harmless , diverting fluff .
2	gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
1	this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
2	spend your benjamins on a matinee .
2	has its share of arresting images .
2	cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .
2	a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
2	... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .
2	veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
2	you know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
2	the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
2	about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
2	a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
2	`` the tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for chan that `` the mask '' was for jim carrey .
2	otherwise , maybe .
2	it is a movie about passion .
2	... they missed the boat .
2	grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
2	a lifetime movie about men .
2	the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
2	show me the mugging .
2	shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
2	would i see it again ?
2	john carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
2	suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
2	teens only .
2	the camera twirls !
2	muddled , trashy and incompetent
2	` tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
2	bearable .
2	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
2	a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
2	it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
2	... gripping and handsome execution , -lrb- but -rrb- there is n't much about k-19 that 's unique or memorable .
2	it must be in the genes .
2	a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
2	what 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ?
3	the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
2	a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
2	adam sandler !
0	franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
2	an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
2	or for the year , for that matter .
2	a creaky staircase gothic .
2	you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
2	there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
2	i 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
2	it 's about time .
2	go .
2	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
2	if you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid .
2	the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
2	it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
2	calculated swill .
2	you just know something terrible is going to happen .
2	an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ''
2	for free .
2	buy popcorn .
2	what ` dumb and dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
2	i ca n't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
2	like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
2	there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
2	once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
2	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
2	the pace of the film is very slow -lrb- for obvious reasons -rrb- and that too becomes off-putting .
2	and `` they 're coming ! ''
2	so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .
2	dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
2	ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
2	`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
2	eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
2	a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
2	-lrb- javier bardem is -rrb- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
2	i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
